1. The Afghanistan ‘Transformation Decade’ begins in 2015. With presidential 
elections in 2014, the withdrawal of international troops, and the closure of 
provincial reconstruction teams, Afghanistan continues its journey towards selfreliance. The coming years will be marked by the full sovereignty of Afghanistan
over its political, security and development processes. The international community 
and the United Nations will continue to support Afghanistan, as exemplified in the 
Tokyo Mutual Accountability Framework and the Chicago commitments on 
development and security. As Afghanistan enters its Transformation Decade, UNDP 
should also transition to meet emerging priorities and operational challenges, guided 
by the United Nations Development Assistance Framework and the new strategic 
plan, 2014-2017.
2. Considerable development gains have been made since 2001, despite the 
continued insurgency in parts of the country — a conflict that led to close to 9,000 
civilian casualties in 2013. Presidential elections were held in 2004, 2009 and 2014, 
the writ of the state has expanded across the country, and socio-economic 
development has led to growth in gross domestic product per capita from $186 in 
2002 to $688 in 2012. The Millennium Development Goals Report, 2012, suggests 
that Afghanistan should be able to achieve the Millennium Development Goals for 
education and health by its target year, 2020. Over 30 per cent of central 
government employees are women, and 28 per cent of the seats in the national 
parliament are reserved for women. With regard to proxy indicators used to 
determine multidimensional poverty levels, health and education show considerable 
improvement: infant mortality rates declined by more than 50 per cent between 2003 
and 2012, and net enrolment in primary school rose from 54 per cent in 2003 to 
77 per cent in 2013. 
3. Progress has been uneven, however, across development sectors, between 
income groups, between men and women, and between rural and urban areas, and 
the country still faces conditions of fragility, a reduction of economic growth, and, 
currently, an acute cash crisis. Based on an analysis of development needs and 
guided by national development policies, as reflected in the United Nations 
Development Assistance Framework, the Tokyo Mutual Accountability Framework, 
the national priority programmes and the emerging ‘New Deal’ agenda, as well as 
the lessons learned reflected in the assessment of development results and the 
United Nations common country assessment, the United Nations family and partners 
have agreed to five outcomes to address fragility in its many dimensions and the 
root causes of conflict: (a) equitable economic development; (b) social services; 
(c) social equity and investment in human capital, (d) justice and the rule of law; 
and (e) accountable governance. Responding to the Kabul Conference request for a 
unified United Nations system, the United Nations country team has committed to 
increasing the effectiveness of the system. Furthermore, UNDP is supporting the 
implementation of the New Deal for Engagement in Fragile States principle with 
the Ministry of Finance. The five New Deal peacebuilding and state building goals, 
leading to conflict transformation, will act as a foundation for progress towards the 
national priority programmes and will guide the Government towards inclusive, 
country-led and country-owned strategies. As part of the New Deal, and in line with 
the Monterrey, Rome, Paris, Accra and Busan aid effectiveness principles, UNDP is 
engaging in better aid management to gradually align development financing with national priorities, donor initiatives, country systems and accountability systems 
such as the Development Assistance Database, and is ensuring harmonized, sectorwide approaches to the allocation of resources.
4. The outcome areas of the United Nations Development Assistance Framework 
suggest that interventions are most effective when the responsibilities of duty -
bearers and the rights of claim-holders are addressed. For peacebuilding to succeed, 
moreover, development solutions must tackle the root causes of conflict and 
exclusion. UNDP will follow an issues-based approach addressing some of the key 
links and the nexus between conflict and better governance, and between poverty 
and community resilience. As the assessment of development results highlights, 
UNDP work across a range of governance and rule of law issues at the national and 
subnational levels is seen as particularly valuable, and of clear comparative 
advantage in Afghanistan. Yet UNDP achieved only limited results in increased 
opportunities for income generation, pointing to a need to intensify its work in the 
area of sustainable livelihoods for poverty reduction and, where possible, regional 
and triangular cooperation. A conflict development analysis conducted by UNDP in 
2013 — which helped identify root causes of conflict in Afghanistan — underscores 
the need to work towards poverty reduction and accountable governance. The 
assessment identified several causes of conflict and fragility. They include 
patronage-based politics, political exclusion, economic insecurity, ineffective 
governance, a weak state justice system, and unequal distribution of scarce 
livelihood resources.