File Name : AFG-NRER-2017-EN Year : 2017 Country Name : Afghanistan Country Code : AFG Category : NRER Document Title : RENEWABLE ENERGY ROADMAP FOR AFGHANISTAN RER2032 Exists ? : Y Publication Date : 2017 Start Year : 2017 End Year : 2032 Language : EN -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- RENEWABLE ENERGY ROADMAP FOR AFGHANISTAN RER2032 This work is supported by the Asian Development Bank ( ADB ) , under the project “ TA-8808 AFG : Renewable Energy Development in Afghanistan ” ( September 2015- June 2017 ) . IT Power Consulting Private Limited 410 , Ansal Tower 38 , Nehru Place New Delhi – 110019 , INDIA Tel : +91 ( 11 ) 4600-1191/ 92 Fax : +91 ( 11 ) 46001193 Web : http : //www.itpower.co.in/ REPORT PREPARED BY ITP INDIA1 # FOREWORD Energy access and energy security are two key requisites for the socio-economic growth of Afghan societies . Renewable energy resource with their enormous potential in Afghanistan , can successfully be harnessed to meet these two requirements . The development of renewable energy sector is thus a priority area for the Government of Afghanistan and all its supporting partners . An important pillar for the RE sector development is the engagement of the private sector and financing institutions . The Asian Development Bank through a Technical Assistance ( TA ) has addressed these challenges by way of developing the Roadmap for Renewable Energy in Afghanistan which is a strategic document aiming at meeting the objectives of the Afghanistan Renewable Energy Policy and the National Energy Supply Programme . The Roadmap is designed to increase the supply of energy from domestic resources ; improve energy supply to load centers , provincial capitals , and rural population ; and increase the capacity within the Government to plan and implement renewable energy projects . It includes prioritization of RE technologies and projects , designing appropriate business models for their implementation and identifying enablers for market development . One of the important outcomes of this TA is the design and development of strategic and relevant projects which are trendsetters in their respective domains and their implementation will help in opening markets for different renewable energy technologies and applications in Afghanistan . These projects are - Daikundi mini-grid , Kabul roof-top solar , Hisar-E-Shahi industrial park solar project and Farah PV-wind-diesel hybrid project . I hope that this Roadmap will provide a confidence to the private sector in preparing to invest its resources in supporting the RE sector in Afghanistan . Engineer Ali Ahmad Osmani Minister of Energy and Water # ABBREVIATIONS AND ACRONYMS AC Alternating Current ; ADB Asian Development Bank ; AFG Afghanistan ; AISA Afghanistan Investment Support Agency ; ANDS Afghanistan National Development Strategy ; AREU Afghanistan Renewable Energy Union ; ASERD Afghanistan Sustainable Energy for Rural Development ; ASHP Air Source Heat Pump ; ATC Aggregate Technical