has a good wind resource potential especially in South East part of the country . Sixteen wind monitoring stations have been installed in different parts of the country . A few small wind turbine systems ( < 50kW ) are installed in different locations of the country . The first ever wind turbine system of capacity 100 kW with battery backup system has been installed in Panjsher province . A couple of local wind turbine manufacturers are available in Kabul city who can fabricate up to 20kW wind turbines with accessories . Wind power systems can be used in various configurations such as the following : • Wind farms can contribute significantly to national grid electricity • Wind mechanical pumps , which can be very useful for irrigation purposes especially in Farah , Nimroz and Herat provinces , because of high wind speeds • Small mechanical wind turbine can be hybridized with DG sets for remote areas , institutional and agricultural loads Technology and systems Bio-energy is generated from organic matter derived from plants or animals available on renewable basis also known as “ Biomass ” . It is used for energy applications covering a variety of practices and technologies , ranging from traditional heat production for cooking and/ or space heating to modern combined heat and power generation or biofuels production . Majority of the biomass energy is consumed in developing countries for traditional uses with very low efficiency ( 10 % -20 % ) such as cooking , while modern uses of biomass for heat and power generation include mainly high-efficiency , direct biomass combustion , co-firing with coal and biomass gasification . Direct , traditional uses of biomass for heating and cooking applications rely on a wide range of feedstock and simple devices , but the energy efficiency of these applications is very low because of biomass moisture content , low energy density and the type of the basic input . Pre-treatment is done in order to improve biomass characteristics and make handling , transport , and conversion processes more efficient and cost-effective such as : • Drying to reduce moisture content and transport costs of biomass feedstock and improve combustion efficiency ; • Palletisation and Briquetting to mechanically compact bulky biomass , such as sawdust or agricultural residues ; • Torrefaction ( for woody biomass ) in which biomass is heated in the absence of oxygen to between 200-300°C and turned into char , with a process that is similar to traditional charcoal production . ; • Pyrolysis is a further thermo-chemical pre-treatment process during which biomass is heated to temperatures of 400-600°C in the absence of oxygen to produce pyrolysis oil ( also referred to as bio-oil ) , along with solid charcoal and a by-product gas . ; Biomass is distributed worldwide and is extensively used for energy , however , securing good quality feedstock at affordable prices over a plant ’ s lifetime is crucial for biomass power projects . Bio-energy is also