the cold storage facility to the farmers , such a system could also supply gridquality power to the village ; thereby offering a holistic solution to some of the key problems facing agrarian population . The system , comprises a 15 kW ( ~5 TR ) vapor absorption machine ( VAM ) coupled with a 50 kWe biomass gasifier system and a field of solar concentrating collectors . The biomass gasifier produces synthesis gas using locally available woody biomass , which is then used to run an engine-generator to produce electricity . The waste heat from the biomass gasifier along with the heat energy from the solar concentrating collectors is utilized by the VAM to cool the cold storage chamber . Since , the cold storage can be cooled to temperature as low as 0oC , a wide variety of fruit , vegetables , and horticulture produce can be stored there . The electricity generated by the system is enough to power domestic , community , as well as productive loads in a typical village . # 2.3.3 Hydro # Technology Hydropower is a mature technology that is currently used to produce cost-effective , renewable electricity . In hydropower technology , water ’ s potential energy is converted to kinetic energy and spins the blade of a turbine , which activates a generator to produce electricity . Hydropower plants have two basic configurations : dams with reservoirs and run-of-river plants , with no reservoirs . The dam scheme can be sub-divided into small dams with nightand-day regulation , large dams with seasonal storage and pumped storage reversible plants ( for pumping and generation ) for energy storage and night-and-day regulation . Pumped storage plants consist of two or more natural or artificial ( dams ) reservoirs at different elevations . When electricity generation exceeds grid demand , the energy is stored by pumping water from the lower to the higher reservoir . During peak electricity demand periods , water flows back to the lower reservoir through the turbine , thus generating electricity . In these kinds of plants , reversible Francis devices are used both for pumping water and for generating electricity . Small-scale hydropower is normally designed to run in-river . This is an environmentally friendlier option because it does not significantly interfere with the river ’ s natural flow . Small-scale hydro is often used for distributed generation applications to provide electricity to rural populations . In Afghanistan , hydropower plants are classified as pico-hydro ( 0 to 5 kW ) , micro-hydro ( 5 to 100 kW ) , mini-hydro ( 101kW to 1000 kW ) , small-hydro ( 1001Kw to 10,000 kW ) and largehydro ( above 10,001 kW ) . Hydropower also provides other key services , such as flood control , irrigation and potable water reservoirs . Hydropower is an extremely flexible electricity generation technology . Hydro reservoirs provide built-in energy storage that enables a quick response to electricity demand fluctuations across the grid