, the United Nations Working Group on Monitoring and Evaluation , and UNDP subnational offices , in accordance with the regionalization strategy . UNDP will work with the Resident Coordinator ’ s office and the United Nations PMT to establish a consolidated data collection mechanism within the Resident Coordinator ’ s office . UNDP will also use the newly established Civil Society Advisory Committee as a mechanism through which to partner with selected civil society organizations to monitor programmes in their respective areas of expertise . Emphasis will be placed on ensuring that impact at the outcome level is monitored , so as to build on output-level measures of success . 26 . The UNDP monitoring and evaluation system will build on project progress reports and reviews , as well as on outcome and programme evaluations . This will facilitate the validation of results , the generation of lessons learned and the continuous assessment of UNDP contributions to outcomes . It will enable UNDP to take advantage of new opportunities and adjust expectations in response to changes in the external environment , including security conditions . Specific monitoring and evaluation methods will include third-party monitoring , regular UNDP verification missions , and quantitative surveys . UNDP and the United Nations system as a whole will explore satellite surveillance , mobile phone monitoring , and the use of other innovative methodologies for monitoring in fragile and insecure environments . 27 . UNDP will support joint United Nations efforts to develop national institutional capacity to collect , update , analyse and utilize statistical and monitoring data to strengthen evidenced-based development policies and strategies through national systems . The country office will work with the Central Statistics Organization , and will use its periodic national risk and vulnerability assessment as a major source of subnational-level data . UNDP will support certain counterpart ministries in collecting data related to their sectors . This includes working with government agencies in developing systems for collecting , storing and analysing data related to monitoring government commitments as part of the Afghanistan country programme .