reliable electricity supply , as having such a source would help them lower their overhead costs and hence create goods at a lower price . Finally , energy access would catalyse setting up Rural Economic Zones – or rural business hubs including a market for agri produce and inputs , repair and maintenance services and farm based enterprises such as processing plants and units . On the social side , creation and operation of hospitals and schools are strongly dependent upon provision of electricity and thermal energy . Not surprisingly , best facilities for health and education in Afghanistan are to be found in the cities . Improvements in the energy supply would help the urban as well as rural hospitals , schools and other community institutions invest in state-of-the-art equipment , and hence improve their overall services . In terms of local economies , some of the impacts are as follows : • Agriculture : Though the most important employment sector is agriculture and livestock where 39 % Afghan population is employed , the productivity in the agriculture sector is low , with agriculture contributing just over 25 % of GDP . Improved electricity access would impact the farming structure , cropping patterns and behaviour , due to better irrigation . This would lead to better farm incomes , and better agricultural services ; • Financial services , especially microfinances , could be developed more easily . They would be both a giver and a recipient of the benefits provided by energy access . Over time , this could also stretch to core banking services such as local co-operatives ; • Labour markets : The employment by sector and gender would also improve with expansion in the farming and services sectors . ; # 8.3 Local manufacturing and supply chain creation Setting up RE projects would require local manufacturing of auxiliary as well as main components and equipment in Afghanistan . Focusing on local manufacturing would help improve the upstream and downstream supply chains develop in capacities and capabilities as well . The elements of local manufacturing and supply chain would not only limit to fabrication , assembly and system integration , but would also extend to transportation , warehousing , engineering , procurement and construction activities . RE supply chain , once created , will benefit other sectors as well . # 8.4 Co-ordinated planning and budgeting across various government departments One of the re-requisites for implementing the Roadmap , is to inculcate a practice of coordinated planning and budgeting of resources across various departments within the MEW and also with other Ministries . The mechanism of ‘ basket fund ’ would trigger this practice which will have far-reaching impacts in terms of optimum utilisation and effective deployment of resources , for efficient gains to the overall economy of Afghanistan . # 8.5 Co-benefits of climate change mitigation and resilience/ adaptation Afghanistan is a high-risk profile country according to the National Risk and Vulnerability Assessment ( NRVA 2012