in Technical Working Group activities . In the interest of coordination , all participants will coordinate activities in renewable energy and rural electrification with REED of MRRD and RED of MEW . They will maintain records of all renewable energy rural electrification projects with mapping of the stakeholders working in the sector . # 9 Monitoring and Evaluation Monitoring and evaluation of this Policy and its implementation will be conducted by MEW and MRRD through policy oversight committee as follows : o Monitoring and evaluation activity will be strengthened at all levels of rural energy development programs by establishing geographic and management information systems ; o Rural energy programmes will be monitored and evaluated based on output indicators ; o An energy auditing system will be developed and implemented . ; # 10 The Way Forward A strategy for implementation of the RREP will be developed which will translate the objectives and deliverables of the Policy into a practical implementation planIt will be desirablein constructing the implementation strategy , to clarify and coordinate the roles and responsibilities of the various agencies concerned in order to build a coherent , inclusive and stable framework for success . The purpose of the RREP is to create the conditions for the development of renewable technology for rural communities to meet their energy demand . The Government will adopt a phased , managed and partnership approach to renewable energy projects that are well conceived and show the potential to providing acceptable social , environmental and financial returns for all investors and stakeholders . This will lessen the strain on fiscal resources and hold greater potential for successful implementation . An appropriate enabling environment towards full commercial operation will nurture the technologies that are proven to meet these Policy objectives . Progress towards meeting the targets , objectives and deliverables of the RREP will be evaluated at the end of short term project implementation , to see if these are being achieved and to determine whether the policy direction remains appropriate . The RREP may be revised as required , based on the results from monitoring and evaluation activities .