: 2.1 Goalsobjectives of energy security through Incentive policies to be structured to encourage the development of renewable energy technologies and provide market opportunities for renewable energy companies to facilitate local governments , industries energy enterprises and communities to benefit and promote renewable energy 2.2 Scope 1 . AREP covers all renewable energy resources and technologies in any capacities from Pico watt to megawatt ( except for hydro ) , that can be deployed in a technoeconomically and environmentally sustainable manner in Afghanistan . This includes , but not limited to , solar ( photovoltaic and thermal ) , wind , biomass , small hydro , biogas , municipal waste , geo-thermal , fuel cells , clean storage and hybrids of any of the two or more of the above , including hybrids of REN with conventional fuel based options such as diesel generators and fossil fuel power plants . 2 . Hydro projects up to 3 MW installed capacity , consisting of pico , micro , mini and small hydro , ( as per the below table ) will be treated as REN projects and will fall within the purview of AREP . Type of Hydro project Pico Micro Micro Small Capacity ( MW ) < 2.5 kW < 250 kW < 2500 kW < 25000 kW 1 . AREP covers all modes through which REN projects can be developed . This includes grid- connected , mini-grids , hybrids/stand-alone modes . 2 . The REN will be used in following applications , but not limited to : a . Centralized power generation and feeding to the national and private utility 's grid . b. Mini-grids for distributed generation and supply of electricity for I. nearby loads in industrial , commercial and residential sector under third party iii . replacement of and/or hybridize with diesel based power generating and supply projects iv . rural electrification c. Stand-alone systems and devices for : I. rural community access for their basic electricity requirements like Roof-top solar ii . agricultural and other productive applications in both agricultural and nonagricultural sectors iii . usage in rural health centers , street and area lighting , computers in schools , drinking water supply , community welfare center etc . iv . telecommunication purposes such as mobile phone towers , television etc . v. strategic establishments such as in the military v. thermal energy for cooking , water heating , steam production , process heat , space heating , and other usage . vi . Building energy and green habitats The AREP will be implemented in two TERMs to achieve the above goals : 2.3 Implementation of AREP 1 . AREP TERM 1 ( 2015- 2020 ) will create and support an atmosphere and activities for the development and growth of REN sector particularly in the PPP mode . It will facilitate a transition from donor supported to private investment driven REN sector with an objective of deploying REN in full commercialization mode during its TERM 2