; # Obstacles • Internal security , particularly for international companies and experts ; • Safety and connectivity related issues for travels to remote areas ; • Availability of trained personnel ; • Lack of funds and financing ; # 2 TECHNOLOGIES AND MARKETS # 2.1 From vision to targets The vision of this Roadmap is to guide policy makers , the private sector , developers and other key stakeholders in shaping the renewable energy sector in Afghanistan . As discussed , the target for 2032 is to achieve around 5,000 MW of RE capacity to be realised as the RE market traverses three stages- Seeding , Creation and Transformation . The process for achieving these targets starts with an assessment of applicable and appropriate RE technologies for Afghanistan on the basis of a ) RE resource potential , b ) techno-commercial status at global level and c ) appropriate system designs and configuration for various applications and markets . # 2.2 Renewable energy outlook for Afghanistan # 2.2.1 RE resource potential Afghanistan ’ s renewable energy potential is estimated to be over 300,000 MW6 , consisting of solar ( 222,849 MW ) , wind ( 66,726 MW ) , hydro ( 23,310 MW ) and biomass ( 4,000 MW ) . Geothermal needs more detailed assessments to ascertain realizable potential . Appropriate technologies for harnessing the above RE resources are briefly discussed below . # 2.2.2 . Technologies and markets The RE resource potential available in Afghanistan can be harnessed using various technologies , some of them are already available and used in Afghanistan , while some others are yet to be introduced . These RE technologies can be configured into different types of systems suitable for specific applications and markets . The RENP has identified three main categories of applications and markets that require the use of RE technologies and systems . These are : • Utility scale ( MW and above ) essentially grid-connected to increase the domestic supply into the energy generation mix of the country ; • Mini-grids for serving the load centers and population clusters for enhancing the livelihoods ; • Stand-alone for servicing the basic and productive needs to off-grid communities ; # 2.3 Description of RE technologies and systems # 2.3.1 Solar photovoltaics ( PV ) Afghanistan has a good solar resource that can be harnessed for electricity generation and for thermal applications . The country enjoys particularly long sunny days with high irradiation , ranging from 4.5 - 7 kWh/m²/day . Technologies that convert solar energy into electric energy and usable heat are classified into two types : Solar Photovoltaic ( PV ) and Solar Thermal technologies respectively . Solar PV is one of the most advanced and universally applicable RE technologies that also boasts of a fastest growth curve in the recent years . Global installed capacity for Solar PV stands at 303 GWp , of which , the largest capacity exists in China , followed by Japan and Germany