phased , gradual approach to be set out in a Policy implementation road map . 6.1 Short Term The Policy for the short term ( up to the end of 2016 ) shall be as follows : Public Sector : A portfolio of projects that will benefit rural populations ( upto 100 kW ) will be identified in rural areas that are not likely to be profitable for the private sector . These projects will essentially comprise remote sites or represent areas characterized by uneconomic levels of power demand . These projects will be undertaken through public sector financing and/or through donor community participation . Project selection and criteria will be developed by the Rural Energy Unit of MRRD ’ s Rural Energy and Enterprise Directorate and MEW ’ s Renewable Energy Department . Community capacity will be enhanced to take the responsibility for sustainable O & M of these systems with backstopping support provided through , among others , MRRD-based programmes . Private Sector : The private sector will be encouraged to undertake commercially viable generation projects using renewable energy . Such projects and associated distribution grids not connected to national or regional utility grids may be developed by private entities , public agencies , NGOs , community organizations , or individuals at any suitable location . The Government will develop regulatory frameworks for independent power producers , including power purchase agreements and a standardized framework for tariffs . Strengthening private entrepreneurship will be an important strategy to fulfil rural energy needs . Strategic approaches will include supporting rural entrepreneurs with training , marketing , feasibility studies , business planning , and management and financing modalities Short term emphasis will also be on the design , demonstration , and testing of off-grid , community , and stand-alone renewable energy systems , including financing and marketing modalities . Extensive widespread funding and deployment will be targeted , based on initial studies and field evaluation , for the medium term ( 2017−2021 ) , with financing arrangements to be in place by the outset of that period . # 6.1.1 Village mini-grids Village mini-grids are able to serve tens or hundreds of households in settings where sufficient geographical density allows economical interconnections to a central power generator such as a small hydro , and contributing to an increase in rural industry and employment . The Government will facilitate the provision of credit , certificate or licensing procedures for private sector , power tariffs , and capital cost subsidies for projects that support the development of rural energy systems . Donors will be requested to assist with technical assistance for technology development and manufacturing within Afghanistan . # 6.1.2 Business Models Sustainable and replicable business models for both consumptive and productive uses of renewable energy in rural areas will be developed . In addition to existing solar home system business models , other models that promote long-term economic and social benefits will be adopted by building mini-grids around income-generating micro-enterprises incorporating renewable