activities : o Preparation of Detailed Project Report ( DPR ) for each SPP ; o Site development for SPPs as indicated above ; o Facilitate single-window clearance for SPPs ; o Maintenance of the SPPs ; o Providing security for SPPs ; ; Investments made by this agency can be realized from lease rentals and other fees against services that are paid by project developers . • Da Afghanistan Breshna Sherkat ( DABS ) : DABS shall , as the transmission and distribution utility , shall finalize tariff rates for procurement of power from SPPs and procure the power . Wherever necessary , escrow mechanisms may also be set up to provide revenue assurance to project developers . ; • Project Developer : The project developer shall set up its solar PV project and operate and maintain the same throughout the life of the PPA . Depending upon the terms of agreement , after expiry of the PPA the developer may hand over the project to the government . ; The significant advantage of the SPP in Afghanistan is that it can unlock private capital through the engagement of the private sector in the generation of MW scale power in the country . Thus , it would largely eliminate the need for national and/or provincial governments to invest their resources in power generation , whether centrally or in decentralised fashion . Furthermore , with the right incentive structures , the SPP model may be able to generate revenues for government agencies such as the SPPD . Finally , the SPP model is designed for locations where land is plentifully available . This shall build infrastructure such as roads , power and water lines to the site and around , thus developing the local micro-economy and resulting in decentralised development and reversing the course of migration . Global experience demonstrates that SPPs or solar farms are typically around 100–200 MW in size , although SPPs of around 750 MW have recently been commissioned in Rewa , Madhya Pradesh . There are over twenty ( 20 ) countries , which have set up SPPs . However , in USA , China and India SPPs have tended to be larger in size , especially those installed in the past few years ( 2012 onwards ) . Importantly these countries started off with 100 MW size parks , and gradually moved up in scale with time . The following schematic shows the SPP in terms of process flows and roles/ responsibilities of various actors . # 4.3 Distribution Franchisee ( DF ) # Description A Distribution Franchisee ( DF ) is an entity authorised by a distribution utility to distribute electricity on its behalf , in a particular area within the utility ’ s area of supply . The DF may invest in improvements in the existing distribution network to improve technical and commercial losses , better power quality and improved overall service delivery . The DF business model works around a cluster