banking , distribution , and transmission loss charges ; facilities for transmission of REN electricity ; and sharing of purchase of power amongst transmission and distribution licensees . Compliance of guidelines , directives , regulations , rules etc . issued by the regulatory authority from time to time regarding these shall be binding on all.6.1 In order to support the subsidy requirements and the incentives to the private sector , adequate funds would be required which will be created by poolingin government budgetary resources and donor funds . These funds will be ringfenced and managed through mechanism of “ basket funds ” which will provide the foundation block for setting up a dedicated REN financing institution in future 6.2 Global experience has shown the catalytic role played by REN specific financing mechanisms and access to finance , particularly by local entrepreneurs in promoting REN sector . Afinancial institution dedicated to REN will be set up during TERM 2 that will provide customized financial support to all REN projects to private sector , local enterprises , NGOs , women led REN businesses and others . It will pool in funds from the government resources , as well as from donors and international financial institutions such as the Asian Development Bank , Islamic Development Bank , World Bank etc . The preparation and the work required for setting up this new institution will be taken up in TERM 1 . 6.3 Considering the fact that REN projects facilitate the adaptation and mitigation measures of climate change , they are eligible for benefitting from several funds dedicated for such purposes . All implementing agencies of REN projects , both in public and private sector , will explore receiving of climate funds to increase the viability of their projects during design and development stage itself . 7.1 The REN sector has grown impressively at the global level and new tools and techniques are routinely being used to plan , design , implement and monitor REN projects . While REN is not new to Afghanistan and several projects are operational and under construction , it is prudent to recognize and acknowledge that the capacities , both systemic and human , of Afghan institutions dealing with REN have to be brought at a level where they can absorb and be benefitted from the 7.0 CAPACITY ASSESSMENT AND ENHANCEMENT FOR STAKEHOLDERSrecognize that existing institutions may need to be reorganized and new institutions may need to be established for effective implementation of AREPin both its terms . 7.2 A comprehensive capacity enhancement program at the institutional level would be designed and executed during TERM 1 . This will include identification of stakeholders and their current and future role and an assessment of their capacity needs aligned to these roles ; design and delivery of generic , specific and customized capacity enhancement program , and their monitoring and assessment frameworks . This would also include identification of partner training institutions , both within and outside of Afghanistan , particularly