facility to buy all the electricity offered to them from renewable energy projects . # 7 Institutional Framework The institutional stakeholders in renewable energy in Afghanistan include the following . # 7.1 Inter-Ministerial Commission for Energy ( ICE ) / Rural Energy Coordination Committee ICE , headed by the Ministry of Economy , previously exercised oversight of energy sector policy and infrastructure investments and coordinates support from development partners . ICE brought together a range of Government and donor interests to assure coordinated action and practical planning . It was not responsible for project implementation but developed policy in line with fiscal and policy priorities and international standards . The ICE Sub-committee on Renewable Energy and Rural Electrification brought together Government agencies , donors and non-governmental actors involved in the sector . Although the ICE closed during 2012 , it is proposed that its ICE Sub-committee on Renewable Energy and Rural Electrification functions will be undertaken by the Rural Energy Co-ordination Committee ( RECC ) , established in late 2012 as a joint initiative of MEW and MRRD , together with international partners , jointly chaired by the Deputy Ministers of MEW and MRRD . # 7.2 Ministry of Energy and Water ( MEW ) MEW has overall responsibility for electrification , mainly to provide energy needs to the bulk of the population . MEW is the Government ’ s institution for all issues relating to electricity generation , transmission and distribution , pricing , regulation , and consumption . It also serves to coordinate and plan the nation ’ s power sector , formulate policy and liaise with provincial governments on related issues . MEW ’ s historic emphasis has been on the rehabilitation of the national grid to improve urban power , based on the 2004 Energy Master Plan . Currently , MEW is engaged in development of 20 year Power sector master plan for integrated energy supply and development and is supported by Asian Development Bank ( ADB ) . MEW launched National Energy Supply Program ( NESP ) as a National Proirity Program ( NPP ) under infrastructure development cluster to develop larger sized generation and expansion of transmission and distribution networks . The Renewable Energy Department of MEW is engaged in coordination of promotion of renewable energy technologies , and Energy Policy Department of the ministry is engaged with other stakeholders to develop enabling policy and strategy for overall energy sector of the country . # 7.3 Ministry of Rural Rehabilitation and Development ( MRRD ) MRRD has general oversight of delivery of all non-farm programmes in rural Afghanistan . Part of its responsibility includes supporting energy infrastructure in rural areas . Through its provincial offices , MRRD has a point of liaison with provincial governments . It manages the National Solidarity Program ( NSP ) , through which traditional local jirga and shuras are formed into local Community Development Councils , and are trained and empowered to undertake local development . MRRD has been