contribute to generation at the national level ; • Solar PV systems are useful and applicable for nomads ( Kuchi people ) ; # 2.3.2 Solar thermal Solar thermal systems convert solar radiation into heat . These systems are used to raise the temperature of a heat transfer fluid which can be air , water or a specially designed fluid . The heated fluid can then be used directly for hot water needs or space heating/cooling needs , or a heat exchanger can be used to transfer the thermal energy to the final application . The heat generated can also be stored in a storage tank for use in the hours when the sun is not available . Solar thermal systems find various applications such as electricity generation , water heating , space heating/ cooling , industrial process heating , electricity generation etc . Solar thermal technologies can be divided into two broad categories : non-concentrating and concentrating . # Non-concentrating solar thermal technologies Solar thermal technologies in which sunlight is directly absorbed and is not concentrated , are called non-concentrating solar thermal technologies . They work on the principle of exposing a dark surface to solar radiation so that the radiation is absorbed . Nonconcentrating collectors absorb both direct and diffuse radiation . The absorbed radiation is then transferred to a fluid , like air or water . There are two main types of non-concentrating solar thermal collectors : flat-plate collectors and evacuated tube collectors . # I. Flat-plate collectors ( FPC ) FPC system consists of tubes carrying a fluid running through an insulated , weather-proof box with a dark absorber material and thermal insulation material on the backside that also prevents heat loss . FPC systems are typically used for heating swimming pools and other low-temperature applications . # II . Evacuated tube collectors ( ETC ) ETC system use parallel rows of glass tubes , each of which contains either a heat pipe or another type of absorber , surrounded by a vacuum . This greatly reduces heat loss , particularly in cold climates . ETC systems are typically used in solar water heating systems ( SWHs ) . # Concentrating solar thermal technologies Concentrating solar thermal technologies use mirrors to concentrate sunlight and produce heat and steam to generate electricity via a conventional thermodynamic cycle . Unlike solar PV , concentrating solar thermal uses only the Direct Normal Irradiance ( DNI ) and provides heat and power only in regions with high DNI . Concentrating solar thermal systems can be equipped with a heat storage system to use heat energy even under cloudy skies or after sunset . Concentrating solar thermal systems used to generate electricity as an outcome are known as Concentrating Solar Power ( CSP ) systems and those used to generate heat as an outcome are known as Concentrating Solar Heat ( CSH ) systems . There are four main concentrating solar thermal system configurations , that are commercially available : #