PSMP ) and the Afghanistan National Development Strategy ( ANDS ) to set a framework for deployment and growth of REN and it connects with the Rural Renewable Energy Policy ( RREP ) to ensure seamless adoption and implementation of the policy guidelines in rural energy sector . The Afghanistan REN Policy sets a target for deploying 4500 – 5000 MW of REN capacity by 2032 , which is equivalent of 95 % of the total energy mix of 5000 –6000 MW as per the targets of PSMP . The scope of the Policy covers all REN resources and technologies that can be deployed in a techno-economically and environmentally sustainable manner in Afghanistan . The Policy will be implemented in two terms – TERM 1 ( 2015 – 2020 ) will create and support an atmosphere and activities for the development and growth of REN sector particularly in the Public Private Partnership ( PPP ) mode , and TERM 2 ( 2021-2032 ) will deploy REN in full commercialization mode . A new entity Renewable Energy Coordination Committee ( RECC ) will be set up within the MEW , having statutory powers and the authority granted by the Presidential Decree , to oversee the implementation of AREP in TERM 1 . The secretariat for the RECC will be hosted by MEW . Under the supervision of the Deputy Minister energy , the Renewable Energy Department will be in charge for RECC secretariat , that will be responsible for coordination among several government departments and agencies and effectively perform the implementation of AREP . Under the RECC technical working groups will be established from the offer-mentioned institution .. The decision for implementation of this policy for second Term will be taken based on analyzation of first Term . Significant features of the Policy are : 1 . The policy identifies high priority sectors with strategic objectives where deployment of REN projects will be taken up in programmatic mode during TERM 1 . 2 . It supports detailed zone-wise-mapping of REN resources , preparation of REN Atlas for Afghanistan and involve in preparation and development of provincial level maps and master plans . 3 . The policy facilitates decentralized governance and coordination structure through the creation of Zonal Renewable Energy Centers ( ZREC ) within RED . 4 . According to this policy , ministry of rural rehabilitation and development ( MRRD ) has the authority to implement up to 1mw of renewable energy projects . it is worth mentioning that all Renewable Energy Projects with the capacity of 100KW under the regulatory policy with coordination of MEW is implementable in rural areas . 5 . It encourages private sector involvement by providing financial incentives and other facilitation in terms of wheeling and banking , “ must-run ” status , freedom to sale power to third party , land acquisition and leasing , licensing , regulatory sector , NGOs or CBOs , individuals on behalf of any Ministry , utility or donor