) . The Global Adaptation Index 2012 , ranks it as the most vulnerable in country in the world , taking into account the country ’ s exposure , sensitivity and ability to cope with climate related hazards , worsened by the socio-political conflicts and security . Coping with the impacts of climate change is a major challenge for development in Afghanistan given that its negative effects are likely to be most severely felt by the poor and marginalized due to their high dependence on subsistence agriculture and limited capacity to cope with the impacts of climate variability and extremes . The access to reliable and cost-effective energy will strengthen community-level coping strategies and improve income , thereby increasing their resilience to climate change impacts i.e . adaptation related benefits . Besides , the deployment of RE as per the Roadmap , will reduce the dependence of communities on conventional fuels such as kerosene , diesel and biomass , contributing to mitigation elated benefits as well . # 8.6 Sustainable development through leap-frogging Afghanistan currently has one of the lowest per-capita carbon emissions in the world . However , in order to develop itself into a successful economy , its energy use would have to increase greatly . This will in-turn increase its greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions . By developing its RE potential , Afghanistan is in a unique position where it can leapfrog over carbon intensive energy sources like coal and oil , while at the same time following sustainable development pathways . # 8.7 Cross-border trade and energy security Afghanistan gets more than 60 % of its power requirements via imports . It also faces issues from grid snaps in its neighbouring countries , causing blackouts in cities like Kabul . As per the Roadmap , Afghanistan ’ s power generation capacity from domestic RE resources would reach 850 MW by the end of Stage 1 , which would potentially replace around 40 % of imports at the current levels , avoiding drain of foreign exchange that is required to finance energy imports . Focussing on renewables for domestic power generation , would ensure power generation and grid stability for its current and future energy needs , and would thus help Afghanistan achieve energy security . The decreasing prices of renewables and their increased generation could be an opportunity for Afghanistan to be a net energy supplier in the long term . In the short term , it could also act as a conduit transporting energy from Central Asian and West Asian economies ( Tajikistan and Turkmenistan ) to the energy starved South Asian countries ( India/Pakistan/Nepal ) , while using its own generated energy within the country . # 8.8 Knowledge creation and sharing through regional platforms Roadmap has introduced knowledge tools for developing projects , customising business models , benchmarking for RE costs , stage-gate framework for sector development etc . These knowledge tools , geared towards planning for RE sector will be useful