that the full potential of any identified site be deployed while designing project sizes and capacities . 3.4 Guidelines for calculating Levelized Cost of Energy ( LCOE ) for each RET using global cost trends but customized to Afghanistan , would be prepared to provide the basis for bench marking project costs , preparing budgets , estimating by including all costs for operation , maintenance , repair and replacements for at least 10 years of the project life . Further , the project design should also include the institutional mechanism for O & M for the entire project life . 3.6 Provincial level master plans will be prepared that should have resource maps , indicative LCOE for each deploy able REN in the province , potential applications and load centers , database of NGOs and their initiatives in REN , and availability of local manufacturers and suppliers . This will help in implementing REN projects in a techno-economically viable manner . 4.1 The MEW will have primary responsibility for strategizing , planning and coordinating the implementation of AREP . In TERM 1 a coordination committee headed by Deputy Minister of Energy will be established under framework of MEW through Policy department RE which is one of their tasks to analyses , monitor and implementation of this policy . Secretariat of this Committee will be with RED In TERM 2 after analyzing TERM 1 implementation of this policy will be reviewed . 4.2 Given the importance of REN and the role it will play in the socio-economic development of Afghanistan , its development needs to be put on a “ fast-track ” mode . Renewable Energy Coordination committee which will be established under MEW and work under the Deputy Minister for Energy the mandate of the RECC is to coordinate with all relevant gov/non gov entities for the implementation of this policy . Renewable energy department is responsile for the RECC . The committee has technical working groups which the experts will be the mention entities they will work according to the specific plan that will be issued by the RECC . – 1.2 7:2- In second term according to the evaluation of first term for the implementation of the policy decision will be taken . 1.3 7:3- keeping in view the importance of the renewable energy social and economic development environmental protection in Afghanistan it is needed to 4.0 INSTITUTIONALARRANGEMENT FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF AREPPublic health , communication and technology , women affair , education , NEPA , Urban development , ANSA , Municipality of Kabul , private sector DABS , and nongovernmental organization among others . 1.5 7.5 - The RECC will be developed as coordination committee to coordinate and facilitate the commercialization and growth of REN sector during TERM 2 . 1.6 7.6 - The Renewable Energy Department ( RED ) of MEW will be the main technical body responsible for , but not limited to the following : a. Assessing REN potential and preparing detailed resource maps .