unit for renewable energy will be established to ensure the acceptable quality of renewable energy technologies . Service providers will be categorized according to their products and services against agreed standards and will be required to meet minimum standards to be eligible in the supply of equipment or services . The application and enforcement of standards , including those associated with institutional capacity , and the establishment of domestic certification , will contribute to financial and operational sustainability . # 3 Barriers to Renewable Rural Energy Policy Implementation The significant barriers to the implementation of renewable energy that need to be addressed include : • Poor institutional framework and infrastructure at the sub-national level for rural energy promotion ; • Quality of equipment and services related to the renewable energy system installations . ; • Poor baseline data availability ; and lack of information on local renewable energy resources . ; • The capital cost of renewable energy technology is expensive compared to conventional energy fuels . ; • Lack of consumer awareness on the benefits and opportunities of renewable energy . ; • Financial , legal , regulatory and institutional barriers need to be overcome in order to implement renewable energy technology and develop markets . ; • A focus on the consumption of energy in rural areas , rather than productive uses to address limited economic opportunities there . ; • A low level of capacity at all levels of Government , private sector and non-governmental organizations for the promotion of renewable energy in Afghanistan . In particular : ; o In villages there is a lack of trained human personnel for O & M ; o At the district and provincial levels there is a shortage of personnel trained in providing technical support ; o At the central and provincial level there is lack of capacity in planning and project management ; o Private sector manufacturing of micro-hydro equipment needs to increase the quality of its products and service reliability . ; • Lack of security in areas of the country . ; # 4 Renewable Energy Resources A brief summary of the Potential and Status of Renewable Energy in Afghanistan is given below , which also describes the current status of its development . # 5 Scope of Policy For the purpose of this Policy , renewable energy includes the following : 1. hydropower plants 2. wind energy 3. geothermal 4. solar energy , and 5. biomass . This Policy is limited to renewable energy and rural electrification through renewable energy off-grid systems to supply energy needs for rural population in Afghanistan . # 5.1 General approach for renewable energy applications in rural areas o Arrangements will be made to provide technical assistance to provincial governments for the identification , planning and implementation of renewable energy projects in rural areas . ; o Guidelines and manuals related to renewable energy systems will be developed . ; o Renewable energy projects will be connected to the grid