stand-alone systems . In addition , there are significant advantages in terms of avoided indoor emissions from kerosene use , in addition to GHG emission reductions . ; • Stand-alone models are often implemented as public-private partnerships , with the government providing investment support to implementing partners . These forms a win-win solution for government who are unable to extend the main grid to remote areas . ; • Communities ( as consumers ) accrue significant benefits through a stand-alone system from household energy access , especially for education and improving the quality of life for the family . ; • Implementing agencies and technical partners benefit from accessing a larger user base . In deferred payment models , user charges typically run for 60–84 months , within which the user has invariably increased its demand so as to ask for a second– or a larger–system . In presence of microfinance agencies in the SS model , such trends are significantly more pronounced . ; Unlike other business models , the stand-alone system market does not require much regulatory provisions : broadly this market is characterized by transaction between a service provider ( commonly the implementing agency ) and a customer . However , there are strategic roles played by institutional players that determine the success of this market . These are outlined below : • Ministry of Energy and Water ( MEW ) : MEW can set up guidelines for household scale systems , specifying technical design , safety and power delivered from a given system . MEW can also carry out capacity building activities for implementing agencies and provide support to technical partners . ; • Microfinance ( MF ) or financing entity : The financing entity often holds the key to any large-scale programme . The role of the MF entity is typically to ensure that cash flows are positive for the implementing entity ( typically the intermediary who as the implementing agency is the interface between the manufacturer and user ) . At the same time , by providing upfront cash for the systems on behalf of the seller , the MF enters into a financing agreement with the end user , allowing him to make small repayments every month . In pay-as-you-go systems , the financing entity may finance the implementing agency with a debt-equity combination , which de-risks the implementer from delayed payments . The user , who is not financed , pays off for the system every month through user charges . These charges typically run for 60 – 84 months , following which the user owns the asset ; • The Implementing Agency : This agency plays a central role in putting together the entire programme . At the sourcing end , it interacts with financial institutions to ensure microfinance and other financial tie-ups . At the same time , it works closely with manufacturers to ensure that devices being sold cater to the needs of the consumers . Finally , it