b . Preparing provincial level REN master plans . c. Developing technical designs , benchmarks and performance standards . d. Providing technical assistance and oversight to MRRD , DABS and other GOs in designing and implementation of their REN projects on needs basis . e. Providing technical support to local industry and manufacturers on needs basis . f. Providing technology specific and other technical inputs to MOF for designing fiscal incentives , specifically for facilitating the investment from the private sector . g. Designing and implementing pilot and demonstration projects that support either new technology or innovative concepts such as the Public-Private-Peoplepartnership , women entrepreneur led REN projects , REN projects to support MDGs and Post-2015 Development Agenda , roof-top projects on government buildings . This will be done in coordination and collaboration with other agencies . h. Coordinating with donors and other funding organizations to ensure synergy of projects . I . Facilitating technical training , awareness generation and capacity building of stakeholders across GOs and NGOs . j . Be the nodal department in relation to all REN matters.decentralized governance and coordination structure will be set up wherein zonal level bodies known as Zonal Renewable Energy Centre ( ZREC ) will be created to oversee the implementation of REN in their respective regions . The ZRECs will coordinate with RED of MEW in executing all of the above responsibilities . The ZRECs may be set up at technical and academic institutions , with NGOs that have required capabilities or within any other existing institutional structure such as that of DABS and MRRD . There are already five RED zonal units that have been created in five river basins of Afghanistan and in TERM 2 of AREP , new units will be set up . 4.7 Considering the presence of large rural population in Afghanistan that will benefit the most from REN projects , MRRD will support the implementation of rural REN projects of upto one ( 1MW ) MW capacity for providing energy services to various rural development related applications including domestic , productive , health , education , water pumping etc . and will coordinate with other Ministries such as MAIL and MPH . MRRD can implement RE projects beyond the 100 kW limit to utilize the maximum potential of the resource with coordination with MEW according to the Electricity service Law .. 4.8 Utilities ( such as DABS ) will be responsible for the operation and maintenance of all grid-connected and mini-grid projects of above 100 kW capacity . However , for O & M of rural REN projects below the capacity of 100 kW , utilities will coordinate with MRRD . 4.9 Private sector as IPP , communities and local entrepreneur will be encouraged to develop and manage REN projects on Built-Own-Operate ( BOO ) basis , and will be governed by appropriate regulations . 4.10 Recognizing the catalytic role that NGOs play in implementation of rural community oriented and community focused REN projects ,