the local grid , improves technical performance and reduces Aggregate Technical & Commercial ( ATC ) losses , thereby providing 24x7 quality power at a premium . For energy-deficit industrial areas and parks in Afghanistan , the DF approach could be a cost-effective solution to meeting the industries ’ needs of quality , low to high voltage power demand . # Salient features The DF business model necessarily includes a generator that is owned by an entity different from the DF . The generator such as DABS ( national utility ) is then responsible for selling bulk power to DF for a pre-demarcated territory . The salient features are as follows : • The utility sells electricity to the DF at a single point ( such as a transformer ) at a preagreed , bulk tariff that is governed by a power purchase agreement . DF distributes electricity to individual consumers at pre-agreed consumer tariff . This step assures the utility of payments from the DF , and thus de-risks it from engaging with a multitude of consumers . Usually , the DF is appointed in a zone where utility faces challenges in servicing the customer profitably . ; • The utility and DF enter into a long-term time bound contractual agreement wherein utility commits to supplying electricity to the DF . DF commits to undertaking Billing , Metering and Collection ( BMC ) activities , or making required investments / improvements in the distribution network , as the case may be . ; • The DF represents the utility on the ground and is provided with security and other administrative support . This is especially relevant in the context of Afghanistan , where local security issues could be present in certain provinces . The DF could be a local entity familiar with site-specific dynamics , which would assist in de-risking revenue collection and establishment of business ties with community members . ; • The DF may invest in setting up / upgrading / strengthening the distribution network , which may belong to the utility . Its investments include : o Installing transformers , feeders and conducting continuous maintenance of the network ; o Enhancing safety and security of the network by installing protective measures ; o Reducing theft and other commercial losses ; o Installing smart meters at consumers ’ ends and maintaining a helpline to enhance customer care ; ; • The DF may invest in additional back-up power generation options to provide 24x7 power to the consumers . This is more relevant for industrial and urban consumers ; • DF realizes its returns on above investments by charging pre-agreed consumer tariffs , that are usually at a premium ( in return for better service delivery ) ; • Benefits to consumers served by the DF include improved power supply ( both qualitatively and quantitatively ) and improved complaint redressal ; • Benefits to utility include assured revenue collection ( from a single-bulk-consumer ) and reduced manpower deployment