Association for Regional Cooperation Sustainable Energy for All United Nation Development Programme Zonal Renewable Energy CentreAfghanistan is poised for stability and growth and would require reliable supply of energy to fuel this growth . The country is endowed with renewable energy resources including solar , wind , hydro , bio-mass and geothermal . The Energy Services Law aims at providing power energy through overall natural resources of the country and importing power energy , thereby ensuring the deployment of Renewable Energy ( REN ) for improving the overall power scenario in Afghanistan . The Ministry of Energy and Water ( MEW ) , as one of the Key ministries to plan and direct the development of energy sector in Afghanistan , has now prepared the Afghanistan Renewable Energy Policy ( AREP ) which aims to provide a thrust and direction to the REN sector . The Policy is aligned to the Power Sector Master Plan ( PSMP ) and the Afghanistan National Development Strategy ( ANDS ) to set a framework for deployment and growth of REN and it connects with the Rural Renewable Energy Policy ( RREP ) to ensure seamless adoption and implementation of the policy guidelines in rural energy sector . The Afghanistan REN Policy sets a target for deploying 4500 – 5000 MW of REN capacity by 2032 , which is equivalent of 95 % of the total energy mix of 5000 –6000 MW as per the targets of PSMP . The scope of the Policy covers all REN resources and technologies that can be deployed in a techno-economically and environmentally sustainable manner in Afghanistan . The Policy will be implemented in two terms – TERM 1 ( 2015 – 2020 ) will create and support an atmosphere and activities for the development and growth of REN sector particularly in the Public Private Partnership ( PPP ) mode , and TERM 2 ( 2021-2032 ) will deploy REN in full commercialization d EXECUTIVE SUMMARYwithin the MEW , having statutory powers and the authority granted by the Presidential Decree , to oversee the implementation of AREP in TERM 1 . The secretariat for the RECC will be hosted by MEW . Under the supervision of the Deputy Minister energy , the Renewable Energy Department will be in charge for RECC secretariat , that will be responsible for coordination among several government departments and agencies and effectively perform the implementation of AREP . Under the RECC technical working groups will be established from the offer-mentioned institution .. The decision for implementation of this policy for second Term will be taken based on analyzation of first Term . Significant features of the Policy are : 1 . The policy identifies high priority sectors with strategic objectives where deployment of REN projects will be taken up in programmatic mode during TERM 1 . 2 . It supports detailed zone-wise-mapping of REN resources , preparation of REN Atlas for Afghanistan and involve in preparation and development of provincial level maps and