File Name : AFG-NEP-2015-EN Year : 2015 Country Name : Afghanistan Country Code : AFG Category : NEP Document Title : RENEWABLE ENERGY POLICY Exists ? : Y Publication Date : 2015 Start Year : 2015 End Year : 2023 Language : EN -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Islamic Republic of Afghanistan Ministry Of Energy and Water RENEWABLE ENERGY POLICY # Foreword Afghanistan has enormous Renewable Energy Resources with excellent to fairly good generation potential . These resources are spread over wide geographical areas throughout the country , in contrast to the other conventional energy resources , which are concentrated and location specific . Afghanistan can produce around 318 GW of electricity utilizing available renewable energy sources in the country through diverse renewable energy portfolio representing Hydro ( 23,000 MW ) , Wind ( 67,000 MW ) , Solar ( 222,000 MW ) , Geothermal ( 3,000 – 3,500 MW ) , Biomass ( 4000 MW ) . However , so far only parts of hydroelectric power projects have been implemented . Rapid deployment of renewable energy projects in Afghanistan will bring significant socio-economic benefit , employment opportunity and access to energy , energy security , overall growth and possibilities for International Climate Change Mitigation support . The Government of Afghanistan would like to be a partner of international of more than percent of energy supply . The national renewable energy market is expected to grow strongly in the coming decade and beyond . The Ministry of Energy and Water ( MEW ) has developed the Renewable Energy Policy Afghanistan , and which envisage main streaming of renewable energy projects in the development and growth of REN sector particularly in the PPP mode . The Policy will be implemented in two terms – TERM 1 ( 2015- 2020 ) will create and support an atmosphere and activities for the development and growth of REN sector particularly in the PPP mode , and will take remarkable tendency of private sector to invest in renewable energy sector and TERM 2 ( 2021-2032 ) will deploy REN in full commercialization mode , based on the experience gained under the short term , the policy for the next phases will be consolidated and elements of competition will be introduced . Some salient features of Renewable Energy Policy are : I . It invites investment from the private sector under the following categories of proposals : a . Independent power projects ( IPPs ) for sale of power to the grid only . b. Captive power producers cum grid spillover power projects sells to electricity Distributer Company like small solar schemes top roofs . c. Isolated grid power projects i.e . small , stand-alone projects . II . Electricity purchase by Utility ( ies ) from qualifying renewable energy projects that has been made mandatory under RPS . III . This permits investor in accordance to