a key role in achieving the above goals . 1.2 Afghanistan has a total generation capacity of 1450 MW out of which 80 % is from imports . It has another 50 MW off-grid installed capacity from renewable energy ( REN ) resources . Afghanistan 's low per capita consumption of energy ( 3.73 million Btu per annum in 2011 ) , of electricity ( 195 kWh per annum3 ) and its energy selfsufficiency of 35 % can be enhanced through the use of renewable energy . Use of renewable energy will also improve the energy security of the country . Issues pertaining to equitable access to modern energy supplies , improved human development indicators , safety and security of vulnerable population including women and children , poverty reduction , among others can also be adequately lowest ( 0.3 metric tons ) in the world , the use of renewable energy and its positive relationship on impact of climate change would ensure that the country adopts a low carbon approach to growth while at the same time protecting the local environment and reducing the adverse health impacts of using conventional fuels in domestic and commercial activities . 1.4 The PSMP has suggested network planning and expansion in stages wherein 17 provinces willbe taken up in first phase , 13 in the second and 3 ( Daykundi , Nuristan and Ghor ) where network connections are not economically viable for a multitude of reasons . Renewable energy systems could be the only option for providing energy in these three provinces and can play an important role in other provinces . 1.5 The renewable energy sector continues to grow globally . It provided an estimated 19 % of global final energy consumption in 2012 , and this figure is growing in coming years .. Of this total share in 2012 , modern renewables accounted for approximately 10 % , with the remainder coming from traditional biomass . Further , at least 144 countries have renewable energy targets and 138 countries have renewable energy support policies in place . 1.6 Afghanistan is endowed with good renewable energy resources . According to the estimates , it has 222 GW of solar potential , 67 GW of wind and 23 GW of hydro potential . In addition , biomass and geo-thermal resources are also available in the Country . 1.7 The Ministry of Energy and Water ( MEW ) is the nodal Ministry to plan and direct the development of energy sector in Afghanistan . Promotion and use of renewable energy is an integral component of this mandate . The MRRD coordinates with the MEW in deploying renewable energy for rural development within a specified capacity framework . The first draft of the Rural Renewable Energy Policy ( RREP ) has been developed by MRRD and will be finalized in coordination with MEW and other relevant stakeholders to guide their efforts in this direction . Da Afghanistan Breshna Sherkat ( DABS ) is a joint