ZREC ) will be created to oversee the implementation of REN in their respective regions . The ZRECs will coordinate with RED of MEW in executing all of the above responsibilities . The ZRECs may be set up at technical and academic institutions , with NGOs that have required capabilities or within any other existing institutional structure such as that of DABS and MRRD . There are already five RED zonal units that have been created in five river basins of Afghanistan and in TERM 2 of AREP , new units will be set up . 4.7 Considering the presence of large rural population in Afghanistan that will benefit the most from REN projects , MRRD will support the implementation of rural REN projects of upto one ( 1MW ) MW capacity for providing energy services to various rural development related applications including domestic , productive , health , education , water pumping etc . and will coordinate with other Ministries such as MAIL and MPH . MRRD can implement RE projects beyond the 100 kW limit to utilize the maximum potential of the resource with coordination with MEW according to the Electricity service Law .. 4.8 Utilities ( such as DABS ) will be responsible for the operation and maintenance of all grid-connected and mini-grid projects of above 100 kW capacity . However , for O & M of rural REN projects below the capacity of 100 kW , utilities will coordinate with MRRD . 4.9 Private sector as IPP , communities and local entrepreneur will be encouraged to develop and manage REN projects on Built-Own-Operate ( BOO ) basis , and will be governed by appropriate regulations . 4.10 Recognizing the catalytic role that NGOs play in implementation of rural community oriented and community focused REN projects , it would be important to put a formal coordination mechanism in place to ensure exchange of information and ideas on one hand , and to avoid overlaps of efforts on the other . Such a mechanism would be institutionalized in TERM 1 which would also include incentivization , facilitation and felicitation of NGO led efforts . This mechanism will be upgraded to a registration –cum- approval platform in TERM 2 . 4.11 The policy will create formal linkages and cooperation arrangements with organization such as IRENA , SAARC Energy Centre , ECO and others . # 5.0 Regulation , Icentivization & Facilitation for private Sector Participation # 5.1 Guidelines for setting up REN projects 1 . The main aim of the AREP TERM 1 is to prepare the atmosphere to usher in the commercialization of REN through private sector participation which will be seen in full force during AREP TERM 2 . The REN sector has so far been supported mainly by donor funds , which is not a desired scenario for sustaining the REN sector in Afghanistan . It is therefore essential to attract adequate investments from the private sector as the donor and government resources will not have