exemptions for equipment . It is also recommended that market mechanisms be used to determine the level of subsidy required through strategies such as auctions for the level of capital subsidy and PPA tariff . In the recent 10 MW Kandahar solar project , an element of this model has already proved successful ; the PPA tariff that DABS would pay to the developer was decided based upon a reverse auction , while the capital subsidy was decided up-front . The next stage could be the use of a reverse auction mechanism for both the capital subsidy and the PPA tariff . The subsidy demanded by the market can be further reduced ( and more private sector entrants enticed ) through the use of risk mitigation products . Development organizations such as the World Bank , ADB , and OPIC provide these instruments , with variations for required eligibility ( OPIC ’ s mechanisms are in place to aid US businesses ) . These instruments provide a guarantee for specified recompense in the event of a defined political event or in the event that the government utility can not make good on its commitments . To ensure that the government also has protection , the contract terms of the IPP can specify that the asset will pass to DABS in the event of independently-assessed non-performance . Climate funds at this stage of market evolution should be targeted towards programs rather than individual projects . Larger funding packages such as those available from the GCF can build upon the proof points and lessons from the pilot programs commissioned during the market seeding stage to propose programmatic interventions . Conceivably , the results from one climate-funded initiative can be used to apply for funding from another source ; using a CTCN intervention for initial technology transfer and assistance , Global Environment Facility ( GEF ) or Climate Investment Funds ( CIF ) funds to build upon CTCN , and using these results to form the basis for a GCF proposal . # Stage 3 : market expansion At this stage , the market has been proven and viable combinations of technical designs and business models are in place . The focus at this stage is to select financial structures to reduce the cost deploying systems in the commercial market . Grant / subsidy mechanisms are selected to assure demand , either through standardized FITs ( again auctioned where possible ) and access to concessional finance . In mature markets , government mechanisms are formed ( such as IREDA in India ) that allow concessional finance funds ( from government funds and institutions such as the ADB , World Bank and KfW ) to be pooled and accessed by project developers . In the case of Afghanistan , it will also be necessary to align these instruments with Islamic Finance principles where required . With regard to risk mitigation , it is anticipated that in a mature market , a project developer will