, the Roadmap has Broader Impacts that go beyond the said objectives . # 8.1 Employment generation and livelihood creation Employment in the renewable energy sector has been growing rapidly at the global level . In 2015 , the number of direct and indirect employees in the sector increased by 5 % , to 8.1 million supporting a total of 1095 GW . Many of these jobs are in the solar PV sector , and their share in the total is increasing every year . Accounting for large scale hydropower projects adds a further 1.3 million to the 8.1 million . According to Wei et al. , upstream RE sector creates 10 jobs per MW related to construction , operation and maintenance of projects ; with solar creating nearly 15 jobs/MW , and wind/hydro producing 6 job/MW capacity . Thus , the addition of 5000 MW RE capacity is likely to support 50,000 jobs in Afghanistan . Further , RE projects will also create livelihood opportunities in the downstream sector . About 70 % of Afghan population is not served by the grid . The bulk of the population resides in rural areas . The deployment of RE mini-grids and other stand-alone projects in rural areas with unmet demands for electricity and thermal energy can significantly improve the rural economy , contributing to sustainable livelihoods through affordable agriculture , farm based and off-farm enterprises . These would in turn imply more employment , induced by the setting up of the electricity infrastructure . For instance , a rural mini-grid of 1 MW could positively impact around 1,000 households and create or sustain 50 – 60 livelihoods , including direct jobs generated ( such as new opportunities as maintenance engineers for the electricity setup ) . This does not include indirect benefits accrued from better access , such as better healthcare and education facilities , which shall attract new jobs as well . Thus , there are far-reaching and tangible induced impacts that can be derived through provision of reliable and competitively priced energy services . # 8.2 Infrastructure development and enterprise development Apart from benefits related to livelihood creation and employment , RE projects provide a boost to local economy by setting up new infrastructure and strengthening the existing ones . Specifically , solar and wind power parks and other utility scale projects necessitate building of roads and facilitate setting up of water supply and other facilities . Enhanced energy access through RE projects facilitates movement of industries to the otherwise virgin locations as well as in the creation of new cottage industries , that are well served by electricity . Improved energy infrastructure would also have a positive effect on larger industries in terms of their competitiveness and their exports . Afghanistan Chambers of Commerce in their Business Monitor indicated energy shortage as the major bottleneck ( 88 % ) in the development of industries . Industrial parks such as the ones in Hisar-e-Shahi would also benefit greatly from