to increase their access to services and fulfilment of their rights . This could include people with disabilities and those living with HIV . This will be done through various channels , including the establishment of a United Nations Volunteers-supported national volunteer programme to mobilize youth in development , with access to resources from funds such as the Global Fund . At the central level , UNDP engages with civil society organizations through the newly established Civil Society Advisory Committee , through which the organizations provide strategic as well as technical input to UNDP programmes . In relevant areas , UNDP will increasingly reach out and include private sector representatives , such as chambers of commerce , as members of local consultative mechanisms , encouraging them to mobilize finance to support local economic development . # III . Programme and risk management 19 . This country programme document outlines UNDP contributions to national results and serves as the primary unit of accountability to the Executive Board for results alignment and resources assigned to the programme at the country level . Accountabilities of managers at the country , regional and headquarters levels with respect to country programmes are prescribed in the UNDP programme and operations policies and procedures and its internal controls framework . National execution will be the preferred modality , to be replaced by direct execution for all or part of the programme if required to enable response to major capacit y weaknesses and/or force majeure . Specific implementation modalities will be agreed upon with Government and will be selected depending on need and capacity . 20 . The country office will rearrange its internal programme structure to deliver the four outcomes , and each outcome will be housed in one programme team . This will increase programme coherence and allow for an issues-based approach to providing development solutions . Operational changes will be made following the UNDP global clustering strategy , with key functions shifting to consolidated service centres in various regions — in the case of Afghanistan , to Kuala Lumpur and Bangkok . This will assist with service efficiency and effectiveness . Working in support of the Serving as One approach , UNDP will work with the United Nations Country Team and the programme management team to implement United Nations Development Assistance Framework integrated work plans . UNDP will support joint capacity assessments and a common approach to risk management , ensuring full compliance with the principles of the harmonized approach to cash transfers . A United Nations Working Group is already active in this area . Initiatives such as co-location will be advanced through the United Nations Operations Management Team and in the light of changes in the UNAMA presence . 21 . The most significant risks faced by UNDP are related to security , political , and fiduciary concerns , all of which will have to be addressed if the programme is to succeed . To facilitate a targeted risk mitigation strategy , UNDP