costs in the zone where DF operates ; • DF benefits from financial returns from a performance turnaround in its zone , and may look to expand operations to similar zones . It also enjoys a customer base for 10-15 years , which will offer opportunities for further business expansion ; Roles and responsibilities of various agencies in the DF model are explained below : • Regulator : Lays down guidelines within the Electricity Law for defining and setting up distribution franchisees in Afghanistan ; • Ministry of Energy and Water ( MEW ) : Designs the DF Scheme in Pan-Afghanistan context along the above guidelines and provides policy support for its roll- out ; • Da Afghanistan Breshna Sherkat ( DABS ) : Identify areas where power distribution can be licensed to DF . Enters into contract for sale of power and for the maintenance of DABS ’ s distribution infrastructure in the area now under the franchisee ’ s operations . 64 DABS shall provide necessary support to DF on the ground in the form of security and any other administrative / legal support as and when required ; • Distribution Franchisee ( DF ) : Invests in , operates and maintains the distribution infrastructure over the tenure of its terms of agreement with DABS . Provides services to the consumers in the manner outlined in its terms of agreement ; • Consumers : Enter into agreement with the DF and pay tariffs as agreed upon . ; DF models have been successful across several countries , as a de-risking mechanism that enables both the generator and the franchisee to build on their individual competencies in a strategic , mutually beneficial scenario . In the neighbouring country , India for example , Torrent Power Limited ( TPL ) launched one of the first input based distribution franchisee operations in Bhiwandi circle of Maharashtra in western India . Reviewed by an independent agency , the model has successfully shown that aggregate technical and commercial ( ATC ) losses coming down from a high of 58 % in 2007 to 18.5 % in 2011 , and around 20 % as of 2015 , providing profitable solutions for all stakeholders . Importantly , TPL has a ten-year mandate in Bhiwandi Circle , which is needed for it to recover its investments and make returns . # 4.4 Roof-top solar PV through net metering # Description In Afghanistan , there is significant potential of roof-top solar PV systems on account of levels of solar radiation consistently above 5.5 kWh/m2as well as available roof-top space , especially in urban locations . With largely low-rise architecture prevalent in the cities and towns , there is ample opportunity for development of roof-top solar PV projects due to abundance of sunshine . On the demand side , lack of reliable energy access coupled with high demand for electrical energy for lighting and other applications provide a ready market for roof-top based solar PV systems . With