electricity services law to generate electricity based on renewable energy resources at one or multiple location ( s ) and receive an equivalent amount for own use elsewhere on the grid at the investor 's own cost of generation by accounting transmission losses and paying for wheeling charges . IV . This policy allows net metering and billing so that the producer can sell surplus electricity at one time and receive electricity from the grid at another time and settle accounts on net basis as agreed under power purchase agreement . This will directly benefit the economics of small scale power producers , dispersed generation and optimize capacity utilization of installed systems . V. The policy delicenses and deregulates small scale power production through renewable resources below 100 kW according to Part Three Article Eight Clause Two of Afghanistan regulatory Electricity services law . These provisions will beneficial micro , mini and small hydro projects as well as solarbased electricity production . VI . This lays down simplified and transparent principles of tariff determination and insulates the investor from resource variability risk , which is allocated to the VII . This facilitates projects to obtain carbon credits for avoided greenhouse gas emissions , helping improve financial returns and reducing per unit costs for the purchaser . VIII . This policy strengthens guidelines according to economic strategies for attraction of private sector , And Ministry of Energy and Water is hopeful that this policy avail for better condition of electricity distribution , take part in rapid sustainable economic growth and environment . IX . The policy may require an amendment and minor changes based on the experience and /or technical difficulties of projects , utility ( ies ) payments , investor 's suggestions and recommendations . I wish to express my sincere gratitude to energy policy department by virtue of consideration their responsibilities with the support of German Cooperation ( GIZ ) has taken the initiative of developing Afghanistan Renewable Energy Policy through a process of wide stakeholder consultations at different stages , from formulation till finalization of the policy . I thanks the German international Cooperation for their invaluable financial support and for drafting Afghanistan Renewable Energy Policy . I am strongly encouraged to see the participation of the Afghan people , International Community and sincerely appreciate the efforts of all those who contributed to the development of this important document . Regards Engineer Ali Ahmad Osmani Minister of Energy and Water # Acknowledgments The work on this National Renewable Energy Policy was commissioned by the Ministry of Energy and Water through the Energy Policy Department and the Renewable Energy Department . The National Renewable Energy Policy development was supported and financed by the German Development Cooperation . The Renewable Energy Policy has been drafted in a collaborative manner . Various ministries , organizations and their representatives have been consulted and are duly acknowledged here for their support , guidance and valuable inputs throughout the process of development of this