Tesla Company . It is considered a game changer for the residential energy storage market . The improved version has a capacity of 13.5 kWh and has an inbuilt Inverter of 5 kW . The cost per kWh of the battery with inverter is around 407 USD but after deducting the cost of inverter , it is only 259 USD . ; # 3 DEVELOPMENT OF PROJECT PIPELINE USING DECISION TOOL The type of projects that could be taken up for each RE technology , are identified through a process that is developed specifically for this Roadmap and is presented here in the form of a Decision Tool . # 3.1 Developing the project pipeline A 3-level process is developed for creating a pipeline of RE projects in Afghanistan ensuring RE resource are exploited by suitable system configurations . Level 1 takes into account the techno-economical RE resource potential , grid availability , land availability and logistics which are very region-specific in Afghanistan . This process gives an idea about suitable RE resource and the implementing technology and also point at suitability of utility scale vs off-grid systems . The next Level 2 , evaluates various factors such as existing load profiles , energy consumption pattern , terrain characteristics , population densities , available energy resources , and other social factors to indicate mini-grids vs stand-alone system choices . Level 3 discusses about requirements of actual implementation of RE projects by conducting surveys , devising suitable business models , and involving existing institutions such as NGOs , MFIs , and CDCs . The 3-level process evolves into a Decision Tool that is presented in this chapter . This decision tool is aligned with the needs of the government , the project developers and the users , and acts as a guiding principle to assist them in decision making . It is presented in the form of a flow chart , supported by qualitative and quantitative parameters . The Decision Tool can be linked with the GIS system for strategic planning of projects . # 3.2 Decision process and levels # Level 1 : At level 1 , Decision Tool aids the policy makers who are at the first level of the decision-making hierarchy in deciding whether to plan for utility scale grid- connected or off-grid projects . The decision is aided by ensuring the feasible RE resource at the first step and grid availability or any grid extension plan in the near future for electricity evacuation . Next immediate factor to consider is availability of land and proper road connectivity to the proposed site for installation of a grid-connected/ utility-scale RE project . Finally , an important point for consideration is security of the proposed site as grid-scale project developers would prefer safe and secured operating environment . Thus , this level serves as a quick and practical indicator to decide between grid-connected/ utility scale or off-grid markets . # Level 2 : The outcome at level 1 is further