. Distributors are trained in the Azuri system , and they are demarcated areas of coverage . The cloud based Azuri database stores details of all distributors and consumers , providing each and every consumer with a unique ID ( like a serial number ) . For the user , there are eighty instalment payments after purchase of his system . Each of the payments contributes something towards the cost of the system . After expiry of the installments , the system becomes free at the hands of the user . # 5 ENABLERS AND ACTIONS FOR MARKET DEVELOPMENT- A STAGE GATE APPROACH Development of RE markets is often a stage - wise process wherein each stage is the outcome of policy directions and actions facilitated by government , and the resultant responses from the private sector and other engaged stakeholders . Each stage thus requires broad-based as well as targeted enablers for various technologies and business models to develop and mature . The Stage-gate model as explained below , facilitates an understanding of these enablers . # 5.1 Stage-Gate model for market development – look back to move ahead The stage-gate model is technically understood as a management technique in which an initiative or a project is divided into stages , separated by gates . At each gate , the approach is ‘ look back to move ahead ’ . In other words , the continuation of the initiative is contingent upon certain conditions to be met , review to be done , risks to be assessed at each gate , and then an informed decision to be taken to move ahead to the next stage . In the current context , the RE market in Afghanistan would follow three ( 3 ) stages : market seeding to market creation and then to market transformation , with each stage being built on certain enablers ( technical , regulatory/ policy , financial/ economical and institutional or related to capacities ) that are put in place . As mentioned earlier , there are some overarching enablers that are required for the entire RE sector per se , but there are also specific and targeted actions that need to be undertaken for specific technologies and business models to grow . This chapter discusses the Stage- Gate model as applicable to Afghanistan , followed by a discussion on overarching as well as targeted enablers and actions for each stage of the market development . Figure 29 presents the Stage-Gate framework of the above-discussed approach . As shown in the graph , the StageGate figure juxtaposes capacity additions in renewable energy over time , so as to demonstrate the trajectory of growth of the energy sector circa 2032 . 5.1.1 Market seding & Stage - Gate 1 ( SG1 ) The Stage- Gate 1 is the successful completion of the first stage representing seeding of the RE market . This stage is characterized by the following : • This stage builds upon existing experience