to add system capacity to meet demand and cover the reserve margin . REN projects avoid adding the system capacity . Avoided cost A type of joint financing mechanism where parties contribute funds to a common pool account which are meant for a specific purpose and are therefore called “ ring- fenced ” . Typically , the donor money is directly entered in the state budget of the beneficiary country in this mechanism . Unlike traditional project specific funding , the basket funding mechanism is not linked to narrow project boundaries and hence , gives more flexibility to the beneficiary country to use them in a programmatic manner . Basket funds and ring-fencing of funds GLOSSARYadopted in Rio in 1992 . It generally refers to low-emissions development strategies . Nationally Appropriate Mitigation Action ( NAMA ) refers to a set of policies and actions that countries undertake as part of a commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions . Use of RENs and energy efficiency is considered to be aligned to low carbon growth . Cost plus is a pricing strategy used to maximize the rate of return . There are several variations of cost-plus pricing , but the most common method is to calculate the cost of the product and then add a percentage of the cost as mark-up . This approach sets prices that cover the cost of production and provide enough profit margin for the firm to reach its target rate of return Electricity generated from REN based power plants needs to be immediately evacuated or transmitted and distributed to the load centre from the generation point using appropriately designed power systems . REN projects that are feeding power directly to the national grid without having any storage in between To provide assistance , both technical and commercial , to startup companies as well as to individuals with innovative business ideas An entity which is not a public-utility , but owns a power generating system that is capable of generating and selling electricity to utilities and directly to end users NAMAs and low carbon growth Cost plus tariffs Evacuation of power Grid-connected Incubation of \innovative ideas Independent Power Producerown localized or island grids to generate and distribute electricity to end users , typically in rural areas and densely populated communities Considering the intermittent nature of REN resources , the power generated from grid-connected RETs has to be evacuated immediately to avoid wastage . The power evacuation grid , typically belonging to the utility , should be available and be able to evacuate RET power instantly to avoid the loss of revenue to an IPP who would be paid on the basis of units of electricity fed and metered to the grid Net metering is a billing mechanism that allows residential and commercial consumers of electricity who generate their own solar powered electricity typically on their roof-top , to feed extra electricity into the utility grid and get paid on the basis on net of import and export of