in the region , creating semiformal and formal platforms for networking and cross-learning and facilitation of exchange visits for both trainee and trainers . 7.3 Networking with other organizations working in the field of REN energy such as ECO , SAARC , IRENA , etc . for transfer of knowledge would be facilitated . Renewable energy technologies have inherent characteristics of intermittencies and seasonal variations , and therefore , utmost care has to be taken in their deployment for getting the maximum output through efficient designs and use of quality equipment . A robust quality control mechanism is required to ensure the above . Therefore , the development/ adoption of quality standards , testing , certification and accreditation would be taken up on priority in association with ANSA as well as with other national and international institutions . Guidelines for product performance and reliability would also be developed and institutionalized in consultation with all relevant stakeholders . An award and recognition framework for different categories would be formulated and institutionalized in appropriate departments and institutions i.e . at school level , university level , conferences , industry associations and others . 8.0 STANDARDS , BENCHMARKS FOR PERFORMANCE AND QUALITY CONTROLAstrong local industry for manufacture , assembly , installation and servicing would be required to sustain the REN sector in Afghanistan in future . A two pronged strategy would be adopted to create and support a local REN industry . On one hand , a cadre of entrepreneurs would be created through technical and vocational training given by Vocational Training Centre ( VTC ) of MEW to support the REN sector . This activity would be undertaken in coordination with of Ministries of Education and Higher Education and would involve integrating REN specific education and skill development as a part of curricula at the level of schools , technical colleges , universities , institutions of engineers and architects , among others . Simultaneously , newly created and existing REN enterprises would be strengthened through a slew of incentives and support mechanisms such as access to start –up finance and working capital , incubation of innovative ideas , enhanced skill based training , favorable tax regime , etc . to make them competitive and self-sustaining . During the course of development of REN sector , a wealth of knowledge is created that is relevant in improving the design and delivery of REN projects and program , scale-up strategies , mid-course modifications if required , as well as to set the foundation of accountability and responsibility . Several formal and informal mechanisms such as dialogues , networking , and workshops help in creating and managing this knowledge . Monitoring and evaluation counts as one of the important mechanisms . The framework for monitoring , evaluation and periodic review of AREP as well as for various REN projects will be put in place using international expertise in M & E and related fields . The assessment and reviews would be done internally as well