. k. Specialized institutions or Special Purpose Vehicles : These shall be formed to carry out activities specific to a sub-sector or project type . For instance , the Solar Power Park Developer ( SPPD ) may be entrusted with the task of setting up and managing solar PV parks . Similarly , there could be a dedicated entity managing the roof-top sector . These specialized bodies , set up under the aegis of the MEW can be given executive power , thereby according them ownership and responsibility . l. Rural electricity utility : The rural electricity utility may be given responsibilities for generation , transmission and distribution exclusively in rural areas . In terms of ownership , the utility could be a public corporation or a government owned company . Given that most of rural Afghanistan is not connected to the national grid , a dedicated rural utility shall provide greater focus on meeting the rural power shortage scenario . m. Dedicated financial institution : As the sector grows and enters the market creation stage , it would require a dedicated institution to generate and manage 80 funds for the implementation of RE projects . The institution will be developed to manage local as well as international grants and lines of credit . This shall create a basket-fund approach , in which development partners and other agencies can pool in resources and enable the entity to offer a string of financial solutions to suit various project types . The financial entity may empanel prospective project developers ( private sector players , micro-finance companies , NGOs ) who can avail of financial support through it . n. Coordination mechanism and an oversight : coordination between institutions responsible for electricity generation , distribution and application is important for realizing the potential of RE in Afghanistan . Therefore , an effective coordination mechanism amongst these institutions is an important step to ensure synchronized development of the sector . o . Institutional capacities on project planning , managing , monitoring and reporting : RE sector will grow on the shoulders of strong and capable national level institutions . Building and strengthening of institutions is therefore a prerequisite for developing RE sector in Afghanistan . Specifically , capacities need to be strengthened across MEW , MRRD and other key ministries and provincial governments on technical , managerial , administrative and financing aspects of RE projects . This would be a continuous process , as there would be a need to keep abreast with the latest developments in RE sector internationally and also to incorporate learnings from local as well as international experiences . p. National level awareness generation : since the success of RE sector depends on its effective uptake by various sections of the society and communities , it is critical to make them aware of and educate them about the use and benefits of RE systems . An all-encompassing and multi-stakeholder targeted national level campaign on RE is expected to help catalyze