strategic sectors : Telecommunication , agricultural pumping , transportation , food processing , buildings and construction , internal and border security , etc . are some of the strategic sectors that require reliable electricity . A scheme for promoting the use of RE in these sectors would create demand and provide the ‘ pull ’ for RETs in the country . f. Incentives for use of solar hot water systems : As a part of Afghanistan building energy codes and regulations , use of solar hot water systems should be incentivized so that the dependence on electric or thermal heating systems for water is reduced . Some of the incentives would be discounts in monthly or yearly electricity bills , rebate on home loans , reduced property tax etc . # 5.2.2 Technological and technical support g. Developing the RE resource atlas : While available RE resource maps that are developed by MEW are useful to conduct pre-feasibilities of projects , improvements such as demarcation of RE resources using time series data of key variables such as GHI , DNI ( for solar ) , wind speeds , flow rates for MHP and SHPs shall enhance the quality of the maps . The preparation of RE atlas is thus an important action that need to start as early as possible to facilitate project developers in designing the projects in market creation stage . h. Testing and certification of systems and components : In order to ensure the quality and safety of RE systems and components , and to ensure the designed and expected performance , it is important to create a state-of-the-art national level testing and certification facility that could later be expanded at provincial levels . Existing efforts in this direction taken by the Afghanistan National Standards Authority ( ANSA ) may be complemented . i . Technical training and education : In order to provide a constant stream of educated and skilled workforce to sustain this sector , it is important to mainstream the RE education and skill development as a part of national level educational and vocational training infrastructure . A specialist organisation may also be set up , or existing institutions such as the Vocational Training Centre ( VTC ) strengthened , so as to meet this challenge in a systematic manner . # 5.2.3 Institutions and institutional framework j . Independent regulatory agency : Role of the regulatory agency would be to introduce and guide regulations on various subjects such as tariffs , power access and transmission , determination of a national ‘ grid code ’ , issuance of licenses for power generation and distribution operations . It can issue guidance on demarcated zones for decentralised and off-grid power generation , facilitate development of solar power parks , open access and power purchase / sales and so on . Thus , the regulatory agency shall be a key enabler in structuring the electricity sector and complement the efforts of the Ministry of Energy and Water