will set out the government agenda to strengthen effective delivery of the national budget and increase transparency and accountability so as to advance anti-corruption initiatives , making use of SouthSouth and triangular cooperation . 13 . Outcome 2 of the country programme document , on justice and the rule of law , seeks to expand trust in access to justice systems , with a particular focus on marginalized people and the poor ; support institutional reform and legislative development ; and increase civilian oversight over the police and the justice system . With the objective of increasing trust in , and access to , the fair , effective , and accountable rule of law , two intervention areas are envisaged : ( a ) Justice and police governance . UNDP will build on its support to national sector-wide reforms and continue its collaboration with UNAMA and other actors , including members of the Rule of Law and Justice Donor Group , working in the areas of justice and police governance to enhance trust in justice institutions . Linkages between the Ministry of Interior , the Ministry of Justice , the Attorney General ’ s Office , and the Ministry of Women ’ s Affairs , and between formal and informal justice service providers , will ensure policy harmonization , as recommended by the Assessment of Development Results which recognizes UNDP ’ s clear comparative advantage . Within the Ministry of Interior and the Ministry of Justice , reforms in core planning processes , as well as finance , budget execution and human resource management , will be supported . In the Ministry of Interior , police professionalization and capacity development , linked to the national police programme and the five-year strategic plan of the Ministry , will allow government to take responsibility for the police payroll , where a transfer to government is planned based on a jointly agreed capacity development assessment and risk management strategy . In the Ministry of Justice , UNDP will continue to assist the human rights support unit to expand human rights-compliant laws . External oversight of justice and the police will be strengthened through the Independent Human Rights Commission , civil society and parliament . Capacity development support to the parliamentary committee on finance and budgets will assist parliament in its oversight of the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Interior . In coordination with the national working group on rule of law indicators , UNDP will support the formulation and monitoring of indicators on the effectiveness of justice services as well as the human rights due diligence policy on United Nations support to non-United Nations security forces . Control and complaints mechanisms will be supported to reduce maladministration , abuse of authority and misconduct . ( b ) Access to justice and police services . UNDP will focus on scaling up and improving the civil , criminal and administrative justice services . This will involve strengthening coordination throughout the justice chain ,