lessons from these individual pilot projects are expanded into programs . Grant / subsidy funds are directed towards funding the non-core aspects of 100 successful mini-grid operation such as knowledge platforms ( for both consumers and providers ) , equipment standards certification , and providing technical assistance and technology transfer support . It may be likely that subsidization of minigrids will be required to ensure financial viability for the operators , especially if tariffs are regulated and set to compete with grid power . Evidence from previous systems suggest that longer-term maintenance and sustainability of systems is an issue . For this reason , it is also prudent to ensure that backstop operation and finance capability exists ( supported by public monies ) so that if a mini-grid operator can not carry out their functions , alternatives can be put in place to prevent the loss of the asset and faith of the user base . The market creation stage is also when a tighter integration between the larger government and development banks and rural banks becomes useful to help with the issue of aggregation mentioned previously and to ensure financing is available for local mini-grid operators in a manner that is aligned with acceptable business practices ( e.g . Islamic Finance ) . During the market expansion stage , after the technical and financial viability and sustainability of mini-grid systems has been prove , the focus is on ensuring adequate finance for scale-up and demand for services . International experience suggests that this finance is best conducted by local banks , who are in turn able to access concessional finance provided by public monies . Finance for technology transfer and technical assistance will still be required , but directed towards assistance in managing a portfolio of projects rather than individual sites . As the market expands , private sector developers will wish to secure insurance to guard against expropriation of assets by the government , loss of demand should the grid be expanded to the area and political and security risks . As in the case of utility scale systems , existing risk mitigation mechanisms such as guarantees and insurance can be deployed to allay private sector concerns . While the diagram and discussion below focus on financing mechanisms , these considerations are intrinsically linked to site and business model selection , discussed in greater detail in chapters 3 and 4 . Viability depends also on a supportive and transparent regulatory environment and protection of the rights of producers and consumers . # 6.7.3 Financing framework applied to the Stand-Alone market segment The challenges to private sector participation in the stand-alone market are similar to those faced in the mini-grid ( e.g sustainability of rural service delivery ) but are nuanced by the need for operations and maintenance over a wider group of consumers , the need for individual consumers to mobilize the up-front capital for such systems , user confidence in initial technical quality of systems , and