the advantage of net metering , households can also sell unused electricity back to the grid and provide more power for distribution . Net metering facility allows the user to export power from the solar PV unit as and when such power is unutilized . Similarly , if power supplied from the solar PV unit falls short of current demand at the user ’ s end , then the user draws electricity from the grid . At the end of a billing cycle ( typically a month ) , the net power consumed / exported by the user is calculated ( using the net meter ) , and the user either paid or charged accordingly . Net metering allows the user to partially recover its investment by selling surplus electricity generated . # Salient features There are two main business models used in roof-top solar : CAPEX and OPEX models • CAPEX model : o The Capital Expenditure ( CAPEX ) model involves the owner of the roof and electricity distributor ( DABS , in this case ) . The owner purchases all the necessary equipment for the generation of roof-top solar and sells the electricity generated to the distributor via a net-metering mechanism ; o The operation and maintenance ( O & M ) of the system is generally done by an external contractor hired by the owner ; o The roof-top owner can enjoy government tax benefits and incentives for generating clean power ; ; • OPEX model : o The Operational Expenditure ( OPEX ) model involves the owner of the roof , a third-party implementation company and the electricity distributor . The roof owner rents out their roof to a third party in order for them to generate electricity from solar PV panels . The third party sells the electricity generated to the distribution company . In turn , the owner collects rent from the third party , after taking into account any other arrangements , like electricity purchase , profit-sharing , etc . Alternatively , the roof owner can get into a power purchase agreement ( PPA ) with the third party , in order to get electricity for their building at a lower rate ; o The maintenance of the system is handled by either the third-party developer or by the roof-top owner , depending on the agreement between them ; o The third-party developer enjoys government tax benefits and incentives as generator of clean power ; o In the case of Afghanistan , DABS could also become the third-party so as to generate more grid-connected energy at a relatively low cost ; ; To ensure long-term sustainability of roof-top solar PV systems , distribution companies purchasing power through net metering , for instance , shall need to ensure complementarities in power interface with the utility ( DABS ) grid , so that there is seamless integration with national power systems and management of local interconnection issues . Moreover , the financial health of