including the Ministry of Interior and the Ministry of Justice . The capacity of the national police remains a weak link in the criminal justice chain , and UNDP , in coordination with other groups active in the police sector , will focus on the development and implementation of an Afghan-led police professionalization strategy . Literacy , criminal investigations , violence against women , collaboration with prosecutors , juvenile justice , and community-oriented policing will be important components of this approach . UNDP will work with the United Nations Children ’ s Fund and UNFPA to address the special needs of minors and women . Starting with 10 districts across six target provinces in 2015 , UNDP will scale up its interventions to 100 districts across 20 provinces in five years , in line with its regionalization strategy and according to access and security conditions and application of risk management approaches . 14 . Outcome 3 of the country programme document promotes development that is equitable and inclusive . It seeks to address the high levels of poverty and vulnerability throughout the country , focusing on women and youth , who face greater poverty and are more vulnerable . Poverty exists across all regions , and the poorer provinces are often the most inaccessible . The outcome will include new approaches to conflict prevention and resilience by increasing equitable access to natural resources and addressing climate change adaptation and disaster risk management . A three-pronged approach will be followed : ( a ) Sustainable livelihood opportunities . UNDP will undertake initiatives to facilitate local economic development in an inclusive manner by helping to create better economic opportunities for vulnerable populations , especially women and unemployed youth , through area-based approaches linked to provincial and district development plans , which UNDP has been engaged in since 2002 through the Ministry of Rural Rehabilitation and Development . UNDP seeks to work with local governance bodies , civil society partners and private sector institutions to promote economic opportunities at the local level . At the national level , UNDP will support key economic policies called for in the national priority programmes related to regional integration and economic cooperation . At the provincial and district levels , UNDP will promote livelihood opportunities in the rural economy by strengthening the marketable skills of unemployed youth , promoting the development of entrepreneurship , supporting small-scale infrastructure , and fostering access to markets and sharia-compliant finance . This could include targeted support to durable solutions for displaced populations , and it is expected to discourage poppy cultivation . As part of larger efforts of regional integration , UNDP may undertake studies and provide policy advisory services to strengthen the efforts of those involved in the Istanbul Process , the Istanbul Programme of Action for Least Developed Countries , and possibly the Central Asia Regional Economic Cooperation Programme . South-South and triangular cooperation with Tajikistan and other central Asian countries is already taking place in areas such as