energy into water , agriculture , education and telecommunications . In all projects , the ability to demonstrate a viable business model , whether public or private , will be key to achieving project sustainability and replication . Effective policy approaches for reaching the poorest may combine private sector involvement with targeted public subsidies linked to development objectives and strategies for increasing incomes . Long-term consumer credit to overcome high initial costs will be provided through dealer-facilitated credit and/or credit through , for example , microfinance organizations . Private entrepreneurs in rural areas will be trained and financial assistance provided to establish Rural Energy Service Centres that will provide technical services related to the O & M of renewable energy systems at the local level . # 6.1.3 Financing In consideration of the high capital costs for many rural electrification options and the low cash capacity of rural households , innovative small-scale , affordable financing mechanisms will need to be developed , which may include micro-credit , leasing , prepaid meters and fees for service provision . The Government will investigate the potential for micro-credit financing of renewable energy projects . # 6.1.4 Financial Incentives The following financial incentives will apply to renewable energy power projects , and equally applicable to private , public-private , and public sector renewable energy power projects : o No customs duty or sales tax shall be imposed for machinery equipment and spare parts meant for the initial installation or for balancing , modernization , maintenance , replacement , or expansion after commissioning of projects for power generation utilizing renewable energy resources . ; o For the first 5 years of its commercial operation , the renewable energy developer shall be exempt from income tax arising from the profits derived from that operation . ; o The Government may provide subsidies to communities to target the poorest segments of the population in rural areas . ; # 6.1.5 Energy Efficiency The introduction of energy efficiency , coupled with renewable energy technology in rural areas , will help rural consumers by reducing supply constraint and lowering their own energy expenditure . Energy efficiency measures in off-grid and grid-connected systems will reduce costs through lower generation investment costs and reduced energy usage , and will also abate pollution and displace the importation of fossil fuels . # 6.2 Medium Term Projects achieving financial closure during period 2017 through 2021 . Utilizing international and short-term domestic renewable energy policy experience , a more comprehensive medium term policy framework will be prepared for the systematic implementation of renewable energy technology and scaling up of capacity deployment . # 6.3 Long Term Projects achieving financial closure during period 2022 through 2027 . Renewable energy will be fully mainstreamed and integrated within the nation ’ s energy planning process . Renewable energy use at rural and urban household level will become widespread , served by an established local manufacturing and service base . It will become mandatory for the power distribution