of telecommunication in Afghanistan has indicated that rural infrastructure may not always be threatened by the security situation , the potential for disruption remains active . Direct mitigating measures include use of security , while more passive options could be to build trust capital with local communities as a means to counter subversive forces . Management of these risks reduces chances of project failure and are crucial for the success of the renewable energy sector in general . The following table maps enablers along with the stage of implementation in terms of the applicable stage-gate when the enabler is expected to be introduced . Enablers as applied to relevant RE applications and business models are discussed in next section . # 5.3 Enablers for implementation of specific business models This section breaks down some of the enablers outlined in the sections above , into enabling activities specific to the context of business models and technologies discussed in this Roadmap . # 5.3.1 Enablers for Solar Power Parks # 5.3.2 Enablers for Distribution Franchisee It is expected that Distribution Franchisee projects shall be implemented in urban and industrial areas of Afghanistan , although a modified version could be equally applicable for RESCO projects . Success factors and visibility of DF projects shall lead to greater proliferation of DF projects . # 5.3.3 Enablers for Roof-top solar # 5.3.4 Enablers for mini-grid and RESCO business model # 5.3.5 Enablers for microfinance supported stand-alone PV market As discussed , the Stage-Gate framework of development is contingent upon the introduction and implementation of enablers , both overarching and specific to business models . An important enabler for the overall RE future development is related to availability of funds and financing instruments which are discussed in the next chapter in details 6 COSTING AND FINANCING OF ROADMAP The purpose of this chapter is to outline the framework that can be used to estimate initial costs for achieving Roadmap targets , and to outline mechanisms that can be used to reduce the cost to the government and international development partners by incentivizing investment by the private sector . The RE market in Afghanistan is in infancy and hence there is no clear ‘ market price ’ for RE in Afghanistan . Wide variations in costs exist even amongst similar RE system configurations . This is a consequence of projects being grant funded by a wide variety of donors ( with corresponding variations in standards , overheads , and costs ) , a small and fragmented market , the lack of focus on commercial sustainability , and an emphasis on system commissioning rather than on ongoing operations and maintenance . A framework is designed for evaluating potential costs required to reach the targets of Stage- Gate I of this Roadmap . Costs for these RE technologies are estimated based on broad international benchmarks obtained from credible sources . The framework allows costs to be calculated by technology ( e.g . Solar PV ) and market ( e.g