ensuring that private sector participation is not ‘ crowded out ’ by purely grant funded external systems that are deployed in the same service area of coverage . International experience suggests that a viable stand-alone ecosystem can be enhanced by a tight integration between technology providers , microfinance / commercial finance institutions , and government / multilateral development agencies . During the market seeding stage , the focus is on developing standardized designs and business models that can be deployed commercially . Many of the uses of grant funding in the mini-grid market have applicability here ; technology transfer , community engagement and demand assessment ; feasibility studies ; certification and measurements of benefits , and capacity building both for the suppliers and consumers of systems . During the market creation stage , integration between government / international development partners , commercial banks and technology providers has proved useful in other regions . This requires public funds to fund an organization to certify equipment and vendors ; extend concessional finance for microfinance / banking institutions that in turn perform due diligence and extend credit ( compliant with Islamic Finance ) towards the purchase of certified equipment to users , and , where required , subsidize systems such that they are affordable . Although stand-alone PV systems have been deployed in Afghanistan , evidence suggests that this lack of integration between technology and finance has prevented sustainable operation of many systems . During the market expansion stage , the involvement of the local banks is expanded to extending credit to systems providers so that they can expand operations , while continuing credit facilities to consumers to purchase and maintain their systems . As in the case of mini-grids , this requires capacity building and concessional funding to commercial banks so they have the tools to perform commercial due diligence on these systems providers and extend credit in a manner compliant with Islamic Finance principles ( where required ) . Public and grant funding also has a part to play in building awareness of the benefits and on proper use of the systems , and funding subsidies to ensure used equipment such as batteries are disposed of in an environmentally friendly manner . Risk mitigation mechanisms typically do not come into play in the stand alone market due to the lower capital investment and distributed assets . However , should sufficiently large private sector players be evidenced in the market who seek international commercial funding or insurance but require political risk / expropriation guarantees , risk mitigation mechanisms might be useful at that later stage of market development . # 6.8 Conclusion- from dependent to self-reliance The focus of the above discussed financing strategy is to incentivize private sector participation and investment . It is geared towards using government /donor monies to assist the transition from a purely donor grant-driven reality to a vibrant competitive sector dominated by private sector led growth . International experience suggests that as the market expands and