and tariff mechanisms ) is also useful to safeguard the interests of the government and consumers . Since the electricity is sold to one customer ( the utility ) , the risks a private sector investor faces include default or non-payment on the part of the utility/government . As mentioned previously , instruments exist to insure the developer against non-payment by the government or defined political risks . During the market expansion stage , the focus is on expanding the variety and scope of finance available to private sector developers as well as to ensure continued demand for renewable energy . A model that has proved successful in the region is for the government to set up a pooled finance mechanism for renewable energy development that is structured to accept concessional finance from development agencies and in turn lend ( after appropriate due diligence ) to project developers at favourable rates . In some cases , this finance can take the form of an equity stake rather than debt . The risk of insufficient demand can be reduced by transparent policies by the government to commit to renewable energy targets through mechanisms such as renewable purchase 99 obligations , which compel government agencies ( and in some cases large industrial and commercial consumers ) to source a certain percentage of their power from renewable sources . With regard to risk mitigation , the risk guarantee instruments that insure against political risk or non-performance by the utility can continue to be useful , as can international development agencies facilitating access to commercial insurance . # 6.7.2. Financing framework applied to the Mini-grid market segment The mini-grid market shares some similarities with the utility scale market ( such as the project type ) but also has several important differences . For one , the barriers to successful commercial operation rely on effective revenue collection and buy-in from a group of ( often rural ) consumers , rather than bulk sales to the grid . Systems are smaller and unless methods of aggregating assets into a portfolio are implemented and partnerships with local banks formed , the small scale of financing requirements often makes the cost of due diligence and oversight problematic for multilateral development agencies and larger commercial banks . The distributed / rural nature of many operations also presents challenges in terms of directing financing appropriately towards system sustainability . Finally , site selection must be coordinated with grid expansion plans so that systems do not become unviable due to competition from cheaper grid power . During the market seeding stage , grant funding is useful for site-specific resource assessments , technology transfer and technical assistance , and capacity building both amongst the mini-grid operators and the local community . The emphasis at this point is to use public monies to refine the business model , select appropriate technology and to develop the knowledge and training tools for both producers and consumers of energy . During the market creation stage ,