being used in other forms and applications such as : # I . Improved cook-stoves Improved cook-stoves is basically a combustion device which burns biomass fuel more efficiently with reduced emissions and offers cleaner cooking energy solutions . These are basically of two types ; fixed type and portable type . The portable cook-stoves are also of two types ; natural draft and forced draft . Forced draft cook-stoves are more efficient cookstoves compared to natural draft ones . Each type of cook-stove can be used for domestic as well as community cooking applications . The improved cook-stoves may be made with metal , ceramic and terracotta/ pottery ( durable type ) and combination thereof . # II . Biogas systems Biogas refers to a mixture of different gases produced by the breakdown of organic matter in the absence of oxygen . Biogas can be produced from raw materials such as agricultural waste , manure , municipal waste , industrial waste , plant material , sewage , green waste or food waste . Biogas systems provide : • Clean gaseous fuel for cooking and lighting ; • Digested slurry from biogas plants to be used as enriched bio-manure to supplement chemical fertilizers ; • Improved sanitation in villages and semi -urban areas by linking sanitary toilets with biogas plants ; # III . Waste to energy systems Waste to Energy systems allow treatment and processing of waste from urban & rural areas and industries , resulting in energy generation . Energy is generated from the organic fraction of waste ( biodegradable as well as non-biodegradable ) through thermal , thermo-chemical , biochemical and electrochemical methods . • Thermal conversion : The process involves thermal degradation of waste under high temperature . In this complete oxidation of the waste occurs under high temperature . The major technological option under this category is Incineration . ; • Thermo-chemical conversion : This process entails high temperature driven decomposition of organic matter to produce either heat energy or fuel oil or gas . They are useful for wastes containing high percentage of organic non-biodegradable matter and low moisture content . The main technological options under this category include Pyrolysis and Gasification . The products of these processes ( producer gas , exhaust gases etc . ) can be used purely as heat energy or further processed chemically , to produce a range of end products . ; • Bio-chemical conversion : This process is based on enzymatic decomposition of organic matter by microbial action to produce methane gas , and alcohol etc . This process , on the other hand , is preferred for wastes having high percentage of organic , biodegradable ( putrescible ) matter and high level of moisture/ water content , which aids microbial activity . The major technological options under this category are anaerobic digestion ( bio-methanation ) and fermentation . Of the two , anaerobic digestion is the most frequently used method for waste to energy , and fermentation