operate energy systems as sustainable business units , including cost recovery through revenue collection , and for Operations and Maintenance ( O & M ) , all community members will be expected to contribute cash or labour towards the construction of the renewable energy systems and pay against a pre-determined monthly tariff as agreed format . In response to rural poverty , some level of investment subsidy from the government may be necessary to achieve affordability and meet the Government ’ s rural electrification objectives . ; • In mobilising rural communities and providing management training to operate and maintain household or community facilities , special emphasis will be given to involving women in management of household systems . ; • Rural energy installations will demand the availability of professional technical service and support within a reasonable distance , preferably not beyond the immediate district . • Clustering of installations , where appropriate , will be encouraged to support development of support facilities , to produce marketable carbon credits to offset investment costs , and to improve sustainability . ; • In applying the RREP , establishing a domestic technology manufacturing base is seen as one avenue to lower costs , improve service quality , create employment , and enhance technical skills . • To provide support for the development and management of new technologies , and to increase efficiency of use of traditional energy resources , emphasis will be placed on research and development in rural energy technologies . ; • To achieve widespread dissemination of renewable energy systems , capacity at all levels will need to be developed . ; # 2.2 Legal and Regulatory Framework objectives An enabling environment requires the introduction of certain regulatory measures from the Government to attract private sector and promote sustainability . These regulatory measures will include : • Developing an appropriate legal framework for pricing and tariff structures , working with rural communities to support the integration of renewable energy into the economy and attract private sector investment . ; • To synchronise power generated from rural energy systems with the national grid , establishing procedures and charges for transporting power from the point of generation to the customer through the national electricity grid using existing infrastructure . ; • Power purchase agreements between independent power producers , energy providers and beneficiary communities . ; • Development of a Grid Code for connecting existing micro hydropower plants to national and/or regional grids . ; The legal and regulatory frameworks will be developed in collaboration with existing frameworks for the overall development of energy sector , mainly coordinated through MEW and Da Afghanistan Breshna Sherkat . # 2.3 Standards As a subset of regulation , safety and quality standards and codes of practice for generation , transmission and distribution will be developed by Afghanistan National Standards Authority ( ANSA ) in coordination by MRRD and MEW , including through consultation among stakeholders . In addition , a certification , testing and enforcement