controls the operational aspects of the programme to ensure smooth performance , absence of leakages ( systems being sold to wrong end-users , stolen , or traded internally for arbitrage etc. ) . Crucially , the implementing agency is responsible for overall after-sales service and maintenance performance of the programme as well . In many cases , the implementing agency is multi-tiered : involving two or three levels . Large programmes ( at a national level ) require an apex entity , supported by entities at the provincial level such as NGOs or CSOs ; • Consumers : Consumers can be simple end-users , who can undertake outright purchase of a system . They can also participate in the programme under a deferred payment or a pay-as-you-go model . ; The schematic flowchart above outlines the overall process and identifies roles and responsibilities of various stakeholders in a simplified version of the standalone system . In the Afghanistan context , stand-alone solar PV has been widely in use across rural areas , driven largely by lack of options for electricity supply . Most of these systems are assembled out of imported components or systems from neighbouring countries . As a result , these units usually are not certified , and could be of questionable quality . Stand-alone devices are expected to have significant impact in Afghanistan in the years to come , especially with participation from microfinance agencies . As a result , the implementation of the business models for stand-alone systems could also have far-reaching impacts . Perceived as a low-risk intervention and already present in the local markets , various agencies are in the process of introducing state-of-the-art stand-alone systems for the Afghan market , through a financial intermediary . The implementation of business models requires generic as well as specific support in terms of policy readiness , financing , technical-cum-managerial capacities among others . These ecosystem enablers are critical for initiation and sustainability of business models . The next chapter of the Roadmap presents these enablers and their role in stage-wise development and maturity of RE markets . # The Azuri Pay-as-you-go Model in Sub-Saharan Africa The Azuri model , called the Indigo Duo solar home system is a simple kit with a 2.5 Wp PV module and a 3,300 mAh battery , connected to two LED lights ( 60 lumens each ) , and the Indigo controller ( the black box ) . The battery and the controller are housed in the black box with a keypad ( see picture ) . The black box allows power in the sockets only when the system has been recharged using a valid code provided to the user . This code is obtained when the user makes a payment , typically for a one-week or four-week duration . The business model works through distribution channels as Azuri does not have any direct sales strategy . Hardware and services are sold to distribution partners , say in Sub Saharan Africa