systems are small compared to ground mounted solar PV stations that could be in the MW range . Typically , solar PV roof-top systems range from 1 kW and upto 100 kW in terms of installed capacity . # III . Solar PV mini-grids Solar PV mini-grids have their own generation source ( solar ) and a local distribution grid . These are an ideal alternative to grid electricity in areas ( such as remote villages ) that do not have grid connectivity . Mini-grids also provide more reliable electricity , as any power cuts or interruptions to electricity supply can be quickly identified and corrected . Additionally , having the site of power generation closer to the load also reduces transmission and distribution ( T & D ) losses associated with centralised generation . In most cases , solar PV mini-grids are either hybridized with other RE sources ( i.e . wind ) or with diesel and are backed up with batteries to increase the reliability and supply of electricity , particularly in case where electricity is required for after sun-shine hours . Typical sizes of mini-grids are from 10 kW to 1 MW . Figure 7 shows a typical solar mini-grid system . # IV . Stand-alone solar PV systems Stand-alone solar PV systems have many different applications across different sectors such as lighting , pumping and battery charging . The most popular stand-alone solar PV systems are : 1 . Solar lanterns 2 . Solar home systems ( SHS ) 3 . Solar streetlights 4 . Solar battery charging systems 5 . Solar power packs ( defence , telecommunication , etc . ) 6 . Solar pumps In addition to the above proven system configurations , there are some new and emerging concepts which are worth mentioning here . These are the floating PV installations on static water bodies ( such as lakes and reservoirs ) , canal-top PV systems , and concentrating PV . # V. Floating solar systems Floating PV systems are installed over the surface of stationary water bodies such as reservoirs , lakes and ponds to generate electricity . It allows efficient use of the water body by reducing evaporation of water and improved yield from solar PV panels due to lowered ambient temperatures . These installations are particularly useful when availability of land is a constraint . However , there are some challenges which need to be overcome before this concept can become a techno-commercial viable application . These are related to design and materials of float , including the anchoring , impact on aquatic flora and fauna and social impacts on fishermen , local communities etc . # VI . Canal-top PV systems Canal-top PV systems are installed across the canals and water channels . It allows efficient use of the canals by reducing evaporation of water . The capacity of canal-top PV systems may vary from small-scale ( kW-sized ) to larger-scale ( MWsized ) installations . Although similar in