’ s that enable implementation through community preparedness , financing , creating awareness , etc . # 3.5 Application of Decision Tool for creating the project pipeline The Decision Tool and its 3-level process is a dynamic process which can be modified to suite the changing RE market environment . The process is applied by considering the identified RE potential , technology application , and suitable markets . As per chapter 2 , the recommended technologies for utility scale projects are solar , wind , biomass , hydro and geothermal . Table 9 identifies provinces suitable for this market by applying the five criteria as in level-1 of the Decision Tool . Afghanistan National Grid Plan map has been referred to at this level . ( Annexure B ) Further , the provinces with no or limited grid availability but high solar radiation are considered ideal for mini-grid or stand-alone projects in level 2 of the Decision Tool . Subsequently , population concentration and load characteristics are used for identifying potential mini-grid projects . Highly populated provinces are assumed to contain load mix of “ residential , industrial , commercial , and government ” . The presence of operating diesel gensets are prioritised for developing diesel-RE hybrid mini-grids with an understanding that it will immediately reduce the dependence on diesel , while simultaneously providing a reliable back-up or supplement power supply system to RE based mini-grid . Accordingly , all the provincial capitals and trade clusters are suitable to implement standalone or DG-based hybrid SPV mini-grid projects . The exact sizing and technical design is to be done on the basis of detailed feasibility for each project considering topography , demand pattern , among others which takes the user to the third-level of the Decision Tool . Finally , stand-alone projects are designed and customised for specific sites and for specific loads , i.e . power packs for universities , solar pumps for irrigation or drinking water supply , power supply units for telecom towers , biomass gasifiers for community cooking or electricity needs etc . The third level of the Decision Tool helps in conducting site specific studies and analysis for all types of stand- alone projects , including user survey , stakeholder consultations , enterprise development studies etc . # 3.6 Prioritizing RE projects The Decision Tool provides a method to create a project pipeline . However , deployment of RE projects may vary from each other on the basis of several considerations and hence , need to be prioritised . Some of these considerations would be : • Simplicity : How easy they are to construct , operate and maintain ; • Scalability : Whether they can be implemented across a variety of sizes and locations ; • Familiarity : What is their familiarity in Afghanistan on the basis of past experience ; • Viability : Whether they are a financially sound option ; The above considerations are used in a customised knock-out criteria method34 to qualify