their risk exposure levels . ; • One of the key aspects leading to the success of a RESCO is the presence of an anchor load . An anchor load is defined as a load type that can provide sustained demand for power generated from the RESCO project . Other intermittent or seasonal loads can then be built around the anchor load to provide stability and higher levels of capacity utilization . For instance , telecom towers have 24x7 demand and can act as anchor loads . Another good example is that of cold storages that need power round the clock . ; • Significant benefits to the community ( as consumers ) accrue through a RESCO project through sustainable energy access , especially for enterprise development . This also leads to economic growth in the nearby region . With a “ clustering ” approach , district level impacts are also possible . ; • RESCO benefits from revenues earned by powering various loads in the area under its command . It also forges a long-term relationship with communities in the region , which will help to scale up the business to other locations . The RESCO also gains knowledge of various aspects of an energy-based business . ; • Benefits to government accrue through provision of environmentally sustainable energy in un-electrified areas , thereby complementing government efforts . ; The RESCO business model has strong potential in Afghanistan , mostly because decentralised energy is expected to contribute significantly in the country ’ s overall energy sector . In the process of setting up the RESCO , the following institutional roles are envisaged : • Regulator : The regulator shall demarcate regions within Afghanistan where grid may not reach in a certain foreseeable future . These shall ring-fence zones where RESCO can operate . It would also open up the market for private sector players to act as potential RESCOs . ; • Ministry of Energy and Water ( MEW ) & Ministry of Rural Rehabilitation & Development ( MRRD ) : As RESCOs are widely expected to be set up in rural ecosystems , MRRD would play an important role in institutionalizing this business model in all its energy programmes . MEW will set up guidelines for technical design , safety and quality of power delivered for RESCO projects . MEW shall also carry out capacity building activities for RESCOs . MRRD can empanel potential RESCO organizations and work in tandem with relevant Community Development Councils and other grassroots organizations to identify RESCO project opportunities . Capacity development of RESCOs can also be jointly taken up by the two ministries along with DABS . ; • Da Afghanistan Breshna Sherkat ( DABS ) : DABS shall , as the transmission utility , lay down guidelines for interconnection of distribution networks for mini-utilities projects with the grid , so as to facilitate seamless transition in the event of grid interface . DABS shall build capacities of RESCOs on technical and