consumer , typically a household . Being modular in nature , the stand-alone system is often designed to suit the needs of the customer . The business model sustains on providing reliable , easy-to-afford energy access at the household level . Using pay-as-you-go or microfinance based financing models , these systems provide basic electricity supply at negligible upfront costs . For affluent users , larger and more sophisticated systems can be introduced . There are several versions and variants that may be adapted for stand-alone models . This section shall attempt to highlight some of the best practices followed globally , seeking to capture the various nuances involved in these systems . # Salient features Overall , the following salient features broadly describe the stand-alone , home based solar PV systems business model : • Stand-alone systems are provided as either one-time outright purchase or a hire-topurchase or a pay-as-you-go model . Hire-to-purchase as well as pay-as-you-go models have sequenced ownership rights . ; • The model may typically comprise a technical entity ( who could be the manufacturer itself ) entrusted with the design of systems , and a implementation partner who identifies and engages with end users . Optionally , a financial intermediary may be involved . ; • Stand-alone models are typically characterized by the presence of ICT enabled , ‘ smart ’ features . These may include systems that are integrated with central servers through Radio Frequency tags , prepaid usage , “ black box ” designs etc . ; • The models exhibit optimal and efficient energy use devices such as LED lights , energy efficient fans , multi-function devices ( chargeable lantern–cum–torch–cum–FM radio ; or a hand-cranked or bicycle powered battery to provide supplementary charge ) . These features also make the stand-alone device a lifestyle tool . ; • In order to cater to a large number of customers , the routes to market adoption for stand-alone systems often involve innovative channels . While most manufacturers use the NGO – community based organization ( CBO ) route , there are other models that have utilized existing distribution channels for petroleum products ( Reliance Solar ) , or linking with education programmes ( Kotak Urja ) in India , or selling energy coupled to other infrastructure services such as water ( as done by Grundfos in Africa39 ) . Yet , others have developed their own dealer-distributor networks . ; • To ensure scale up of stand-alone home-based systems a financing partner is needed . The partner partly resolves cash flow issues for the end user and the technical partner or the implementing agency . Typically , the financing partner extends microcredit to the user . Financing of the systems by the technical partner and/or implementing agency is also common . As these systems replace fossil fuels such as kerosene , the financing terms are tuned to ensure that financial savings from avoided fuel expenses are utilized to pay monthly lease rentals for the