is emerging . ; • Electrochemical conversion : Electrochemical conversion in the context of waste to energy refers typically to microbial fuel cells ( MFC ) . These systems are developed to trap the energy from wastes , where the reduction-oxidation machinery of immobilized microbial cells is catalytically exploited , for the accelerated transfer of electrons from organic wastes , to generate electricity and bio-hydrogen gas . However , this methodology needs extensive evaluation studies on bulk scale liquid waste treatments and stands at a nascent level , worldwide . ; # Global status and outlook Globally bio-power capacity reached 112 GW by the end of 2016 . The share of bio-energy in total global primary energy consumption has remained steady since 2005 , at around 10.5 % . By country , the United States is the largest producer of electricity from biomass sources and by region , European Union leads both the bio-power generation and capacity . # Status and relevance in Afghanistan Most of the rural population in Afghanistan is active in agriculture and livestock sector , however bio-energy technologies are still in a nascent stage . Only a limited number of family type biogas plants have been installed in eastern provinces and central parts of the country through MRRD , BORDA Afghanistan and a couple of NGOs . Recently , some studies are under process for biomass energy projects in Kabul city and Balkh province under supervision of Kabul Municipality , Ministry of Urban development . Applications of bio-energy such as waste to energy and biogas units are relevant to Afghanistan . Raw material ( municipality waste ) is available in the cities which can be utilized in the waste to energy projects for electricity generation . In remote areas , agricultural wastes are available that can act as a raw material for biogas plants . Improved cook-stoves can also help to improve indoor air quality and offers cleaner cooking energy solutions . These can improve health protection of women and society in villages and keep the environment clean . # 2.3.6 Geothermal # Technology Geothermal electricity generation is a mature , baseload generation technology that utilizes steam or hot water from geothermally active areas to provide very competitive electricity where high-quality resources exist . Geothermal energy originates from the geological processes during formation of the planet , radioactive decay of minerals , and from solar energy absorbed at the surface . Geothermal energy is available around the clock , independent of the surface climatic conditions . Geothermal resources include dry steam , hot water , hot dry rock , magma , and ambient ground heat . # Global status and outlook Globally , 13.5 GW of geothermal power has been installed at the end of 2016 . Top five leading countries in the geothermal power generation are USA , Philippines , Indonesia , Mexico and New Zealand . Geothermal direct use capacity has increased by a yearly average rate of 6 % in recent years ,