to rural areas under the NESP of MEW . Apart from the MRRD and MEW programmes , there are efforts by FAO , NZAID and GiZ at a smaller scale which are also supporting village electrification . There are also smallscale efforts by NGOs such as COAM and Geres targeting thermal energy issues . However , the thermal energy needs are not being addressed in any significant scale by existing programmes and there has not been much penetration of energy efficient devices . Dependence on fuel wood and other non-renewable biomass is very high and indoor air pollution and resultant lower respiratory illnesses is the biggest cause of pre-mature deaths in Afghanistan . Along with hydropower , solar home systems have also proliferated across the country . The main reasons behind solar PV ’ s popularity are its affordability and portability , due to its highly scalable and modular structure . However , as on date the renewable energy landscape is dominated by smaller systems , catering mostly to lighting and household level demand . Some experience has been generated recently on the use of solar PV pumps both for drinking water and for irrigation by the MRRD ’ s National Rural Water Supply , Sanitation and Irrigation Programme ( Ru-WatSIP ) , and also on large scale ( between 500 kWp to 1 MWp ) of solar PV based mini-grids . The rural electrification efforts supported by the international community has led to key learning including : • There is a need to go beyond household electrification for lighting by addressing household thermal energy needs and engaging anchor customers for productive use in the commercial sector and public service opportunities in rural government institutions . Monthly expenditure on solid fuels during winter months is considered to be 10 times higher than the spend on kerosene for lighting . ; • There is a need for integrated planning for energy projects along with infrastructure projects that will get direct benefits from reliable energy and vice-versa . For instance , planning for agriculture based livelihoods projects ( i.e . cold-storages ) should include a component of energy provision and likewise planning for energy projects ( i.e . MHP ) should identify and support enterprises and public institutions that will use the electricity thus generated . ; • The mini-grid systems are infrastructure projects and hence require standard approaches of engineering services , project planning and operational management . All the projects should be planned and implemented in a coherent manner using standard guidelines and practices . In this regard , internationally accepted forms of contract , contract management and engineering supervision should be used . ; • New technologies and technology innovation must be tracked by the planning and engineering teams and integrated within the overall framework of electricity service provision . Further , system planning and optimisation tools for maximising the benefits of hybrid configurations for generation from renewable energy and distributed generation topologies must be used . ; •