and banking All grid-connected projects meant for third party sale or for captive generation will be allowed to wheel and bank the electricity through the national grid owned and operated by utility company ( DABS ) . Aseparate wheeling and banking agreement will be drawn up between utility company ( DABS ) and the project developer . The same The project developer of grid-connected project will be responsible for laying the power evacuation lines from the generation point till the substation or interconnection point of utility company ( DABS ) . Utility company ( DABS ) , on the other hand will give the “ must-run ” status to all REN projects to ensure that all the electricity generated through REN projects in evacuated and utilized . 5.6 Third party sale AREP allows project developers to set up REN projects both for captive and for third party sale of electricity . In either case , the electricity so generated , will be wheeled and banked either through the utility company ( DABS ) grid or through a separately created localized grid . In case of latter , the localized grid must adhere to the national grid codes and safety standards , and should be designed in a grid-compatible mode so that their integration with the national grid is possible in future , if need arises . 5.7 Land acquisition and leasing Government will facilitate the acquisition of land to project developers for setting up grid- connected and mini-grid REN projects and in some cases , procure and lease them out to the developers on long term basis . The procedure for land leasing will be on the basis of competition . The project developer will be required to get into a separate land lease agreement with the concerned authorities . 5.8 Licensing of REN projects Licenses will be issued to the project developers as per the Electricity service law20 for generation , transmission and distribution of electricity from all REN projects above 100 kW capacity , as well as for their O & M . No licensing will be required for setting up or O & M for REN projects less then 100 kW capacity . However , for such projects , technical oversight will be provided by the ZREC to ensure safety and quality standards of equipment and services . These licensing guidelines will be applicable to all REN projects that are being implemented on behalf of any Ministry , utility , donor or To set precedence and a good example , private utility ( DABS ) will be encouraged to accept Renewable Purchase Obligations during TERM 1 of AREP , which would be made mandatory to all industrial and commercial consumers of electricity in TERM 2 . 5.10 Regulatory Department The appropriate regulatory department shall have exclusive jurisdiction on those provisions of this policy which are within its regulatory mandate , especially regarding notification of electricity tariffs for sale for power ; power purchase agreements ; wheeling ,