synergy with thermal storage systems . The figure illustrates the working of an Air Source Heat Pump . # Energy storage Renewable energy sources are intermittent in nature , producing energy when the sun is shining and the wind is blowing , and therefore energy storage becomes important for supplying uninterrupted energy . Energy storage technologies absorb energy when production is more than the demand and store it for a period before releasing it to supply energy . By storing the energy produced and delivering it on demand , it can level out peaks in output to create a continuous , reliable stream of power throughout the day . Energy storage technologies are divided into following six main categories . • Electric batteries store electricity in the form of chemical energy and are mainly of two types – rechargeable and non-rechargeable ; • Flywheels are mechanical devices that stores electricity as rotational energy which is harnessed to deliver instantaneous electricity ; • Compressed air energy storage stores off-peak electricity to compress air which is later discharged to the gas turbine to generate electricity during peak periods ; • Thermal storage systems store thermal energy by heating or cooling a storage medium which can be used at a later stage for heating and cooling applications and power generation ; • Pumped hydropower storage facilities store energy in the form of water in an upper reservoir , pumped from another reservoir at a lower elevation . During periods of high electricity demand , power is generated by releasing the stored water through turbines in the same manner as a conventional hydropower station . ; Today , energy ( electricity and thermal ) storage technologies exist at different levels of development , from the R & D to demonstration and commercialization . Figure 19 shows the development stages of various energy storage technologies . The energy storage market is estimated to grow to an annual installation size of 6 GW in 2017 and over 40 GW by 2022 from 0.34 GW installed in 2012 and 2013 . # 2.4 Recommended RE technologies and systems This chapter has discussed and provided a long list of technologies that are to be harnessed in Afghanistan.The following table gives a summary of all RETs that are being studied as possibilities for implementation , along with their applications . # Key highlights of Renewable energy sector • By the end of 2016 , the renewable energy installed capacity was enough to supply an estimated 24.5 % of global electricity , with hydropower providing about 16.6 % . The world now adds more renewable power capacity annually than it adds ( net ) capacity from all fossil fuels combined . [ Renewables 2017 Global Status Report , REN21 ] ; • The record lab solar PV cell efficiency has reached 25.6 % for mono-crystalline and 20.8 % for multi-crystalline silicon wafer-based technology . [ Photovoltaics Report 2016 , Fraunhofer ISE ] • Even in conservative scenarios and assuming no