commercial aspects of the distribution business including billing , metering and collection activities . ; • RESCO : The role of the RESCO encompasses building , operating and maintaining the micro-utility ecosystem throughout the life of the PPAs signed with various consumers . ; • Consumers : Enter into agreement with RESCO and pay tariffs as agreed upon . With this above background , the following diagram shows a flow diagram of how the RESCO is expected to operate . In Afghanistan , RESCO projects are assumed to be in the 100 kW – 1,000 kW range , in terms of installed capacity . A typical RESCO project is expected to cover 3 – 7 villages , thereby connecting between 1,000 - 2,000 households or roughly 6,000 – 15,000 individuals . This scale is higher than normal RESCO projects in the South Asian region ( which vary between 10 kW – 500kW ) . One major reason behind this is that a number of districts and rural areas are expected to remain disconnected from the national grid , thereby allowing larger scale RESCO projects . Global success on RESCO projects is based upon private enterprise in off-grid locations , where entrepreneurship sets up its own micro-utility to provide electricity solutions . More prevalent is the diesel generator operator , who functions as an energy service provider using diesel generator sets , essentially providing lighting energy to markets in Asia and Africa . In India , the Rockefeller Foundation has been at the center of empowering rural communities with environmentally sustainable energy supply options through the wellknown SPEED programme . # The SPEED Story Smart Power for Environmentally-sound Economic Development ( SPEED ) , an initiative by the Rockefeller Foundation to connect remote , rural households in India with renewable energy based systems . The SPEED model is structured around empowering enterprises , and is built around the concept of anchor loads . Anchor loads allow a generating station to perform at higher levels of capacity utilization . The programme sought to support Energy Service Companies ( ESCO ) to enter the rural energy market , a segment marked with high transaction costs relative to volume . Over the past 6 years since 2010 , the SPEED programme ( and now its successor the Smart Power for Rural Development ) has worked with over 50 ESCO organisations , contributing to its goal to energize 1,000 Indian villages with ‘ smart power ’ . The rural mini-grids are equipped with efficient LED lights , prepaid meters and tamper proof distribution networks that ensure safety and security . Several microenterprises have been energized , viz telecom towers , drying and processing units , small garment making businesses , cold storages , training centres and numerous shops . Agricultural pumping has also been a major beneficiary . # 4.6 Pay-as-you-go or Micro-finance based standalone systems A stand-alone solar PV system is a modular , photovoltaic-based electrification system that provides amenity power for a captive