where deployment of REN projects will be taken up in a programmatic modeAfew of these high priority sectors are : objective of reducing the consumption of diesel and switching to a cleaner option . b . Rehabilitation of non-operational/ partly operational REN projects preferably through PPP mode ensuring their socio- economic sustainability . c. Provinces which will not be serviced by DABS in near future as per the PSMP . d. Distributed generation in economic zones and industrial parks for providing reliable electricity to boost commercial and industrial activities . e. Grid-connected projects in Public-Private-Partnership ( PPP ) mode . f. Solar and/or wind pumping with finance facilitation to farmers for increasing the agricultural productivity . g. Powering mobile telephone network and other telecommunication infrastructure through REN in remote areas for enhancing safety and security of communities . h. Roof-top solar PV projects with or without net metering . I . The RE Project for growth of Agriculture sector to supply energy for springhouses , livestock 's etc.… j. Biomass energy projects for the rural communities and livestock 's . The proper AREP implementation will lead to formation of Renewable Energy Law for Afghanistan by 2032 , clearly defining the energy share from renewable energy to keep that growing as per Afghanistan National Strategy and other related policies . # 3.0 Potential and Cost of REN Resources and Technologies 3.1 The macro level mapping of REN resources in Afghanistan has been done and is presented in the below table . 3.2 In order to facilitate the long-term planning for REN projects , a detailed zonewise mapping of REN resources would be undertaken and the REN Atlas for Afghanistan will be prepared . 3.3 In case of MHP , it should be ensured that the full potential of any identified site be deployed while designing project sizes and capacities . 3.4 Guidelines for calculating Levelized Cost of Energy ( LCOE ) for each RET using global cost trends but customized to Afghanistan , would be prepared to provide the basis for bench marking project costs , preparing budgets , estimating by including all costs for operation , maintenance , repair and replacements for at least 10 years of the project life . Further , the project design should also include the institutional mechanism for O & M for the entire project life . 3.6 Provincial level master plans will be prepared that should have resource maps , indicative LCOE for each deploy able REN in the province , potential applications and load centers , database of NGOs and their initiatives in REN , and availability of local manufacturers and suppliers . This will help in implementing REN projects in a techno-economically viable manner . # 4.0 Institutional Arragement for Implementation of AREP 4.1 The MEW will have primary responsibility for strategizing , planning and coordinating the implementation of AREP . In TERM 1 a coordination committee headed by Deputy Minister of Energy will be established under framework of MEW through Policy