the principal arm of the Government in promoting rural electrification through its programs : NSP has supported energy access to rural areas through the installation of micro-hydropower plants , solar home systems and diesel generators . MRRD launched Energy for Rural Development in Afghanistan ( ERDA ) under the National Area-Based Development Programme ( NABDP ) in 2008 to address sustainability issues related to rural energy projects . ERDA is currently a stand-alone component of the Agriculture and Rural Development Cluster National Priority Program , ‘ National Water and Natural Resources Development ’ . As a policy oversight and management mechanism , MRRD ’ s Rural Energy and Enterprise Directorate , reporting to the Office of the Minister , will promote and facilitate the exploitation of renewable energy resources in rural areas . To do so , separate institutional , reporting and operational guidelines will be developed following promulgation of the Policy , including a Policy Oversight Committee with joint representation from MEW and MRRD , among others . The Directorate will be tasked with : o Implementing Government policies and plans on rural energy , ; o Preparing subsidy policy and its delivery mechanisms for various rural energy systems ; o Developing projects , serving as a ` single window ’ facility for processing renewable energy projects for rural applications . ; o Promoting local manufacturing ; o Creating awareness and facilitating technology transfer o Channelling international assistance on rural energy development ; o Providing support to communities to develop their capacity to implement rural energy programs ; o Coordinating all associated activities as the national facilitating mechanism for the development of rural renewable energy in the country . ; # 7.4 Provincial Governments Provincial governments have in the past been involved in rural electrification projects with assistance from Provincial Reconstruction Teams ( PRTs ) , and have a vested interest in encouraging development of renewable energy , which in many cases offer a least cost and sometimes only option for access to clean commercial energy . Provincial Development Plans in many cases include renewable rural energy projects that meet the local demand . Relevant government and sub-governance institutions at the provincial level would be capacitated for identification , planning , implementation , and monitoring of rural renewable energy systems . # 8 Stakeholders This Policy acknowledges as stakeholders the Government , private sector , community organizations and NGOs engaged in supporting renewable energy services . The role of Government is to provide a policy and regulatory framework that encourages and facilitates participation of the private sector and civil society in rural electrification . Ultimate responsibility for rural renewable energy and rural electrification promotion and develop conducive environment for renewable energy will reside in the MRRD Rural Energy and Enterprise Directorate ( up to 100 kW ) and overall renewable energy promotion mainly for commercial and urban application and coordination is the responsibility of Renewable Energy Department ( RED ) of MEW . In case , MRRD is implementing