50 % as compared to home systems and mini-grids . When compared to global and regional benchmarks , it was found that costs are higher in Afghanistan . Higher equipment costs are likely a reflection both of higher transportation and logistics costs as well as of a smaller market and the lack of intense competition for large utility-scale projects . The higher labour costs reflect the lack of skilled technical labour available for large-scale installations , which can be partially addressed by training programs . The proportion of costs ( as shown below ) for utility-scale systems in India and Afghanistan is similar , even though the logistics , market , and tax regime in India are different to Afghanistan . It suggests that a reduction in taxes , other supportive policies and an expanded market has the potential to drive costs down across both equipment and labour costs . Following scenario/developments will lead to rapid cost reductions in future : • Rapid progress towards integration into international RE market enabling country to benefit from regional economies of scale ; • Rapid improvement in logistics costs due to improved infrastructure particularly towards sites for large utility-scale projects ; • Positive regulatory environment , established track record and significantly reduced Afghanistan risk premium ; # 6.3 Cost of achieving Stage-Gate I target The global costs mentioned in previous section have provided a basis for estimating the costs per MW of generation capacity for the various proposed technologies in Afghanistan . The assessment is limited to the cost of constructing and commissioning RE equipment and does not include costs for transmission/distribution grid infrastructure , materials/equipment replacement and O & M costs . The assessment also does not consider the land and security costs required . These costs vary markedly across the country , and in many deployments land and security will either be provided by the government , the community or owners ’ associations ( as in the case of industrial parks ) . Stage- Gate I represent the phase when technology deployment is at a nascent stage and projects are generally intended to confirm the sufficient availability of natural resource ( e.g . wind availability at the site ) or to demonstrate technical viability and refine standard designs through pilot projects . Private-sector led capital investment at this stage is often challenging , and faces the barriers of a lack of confidence in the natural resource and ( once the resource potential is established ) confidence in the techno-economic viability of the project . The table below provides an indication of what costs might be based upon international benchmarks provided above to give an indication of the scale of investments required to reach the roadmap targets in Stage- Gate I . However , as it should be noted again that these costs represent broad global averages rather than Afghanistan specific costs . Further , these costs represent a wide range of sites , financing , and market conditions , and often