per cent of the districts in the country will be targeted under the three outputs of this outcome . 15 . Outcome 4 of the country programme document addresses social equity , with special attention on women . It responds to the political , economic , and social inequalities between Afghan men and women , and continuing gender-based discrimination and violence . Gender will be mainstreamed into all outcomes . In cooperation with the Ministry of Women ’ s Affairs , UNAMA and UN-Women , UNDP will focus on three interventions : ( a ) Government capacity to meet women ’ s rights . UNDP will support the Government in implementing legal commitments , both national and international , that affect the lives of women . UNDP will work with select ministries and advocate for Security Council resolutions 1325 and 2122 . Working at the planning and policy level , six pilot ministries will be assisted in ensuring that women ’ s empowerment priorities are incorporated into the formulation of their budgets and multi-year sectoral plans at both the national and subnational levels . To increase the responsiveness of government ministries to citizens ’ rights , UNDP supports advocacy , through civil society organizations and women ’ s groups , for the inclusion of emerging citizen priorities in national and subnational planning frameworks . ( b ) Enhance monitoring and oversight of the national women ’ s agenda . In addition to the capacity to implement technical and financial support , in partnership with civil society organizations , through advocacy measures , UNDP will strengthen the capacity of the Ministry of Women ’ s Affairs and civil society organizations to monitor and report on the implementation of the international and national commitments of the Government . UNDP will make use of new technology and knowledge-sharing platforms , such as cooperation exchange mechanisms , to achieve that aim . UNDP will assist in the establishment of a database to monitor the progress of the National Action Plan for the Women of Afghanistan , to be used for evidence-based policymaking , budgeting , and reporting . ( c ) Strengthen enforcement of legislation on violence against women . Prevention of gender discrimination and gender-based violence will be addressed through capacity development interventions to ensure that the Government is able to implement the recommendations of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women . At the subnational level , elimination of violence against women units , family response units and legal help centres , already established to support the national elimination of violence against women law , will help strengthen the justice chain , improve links with civil society organizations , and respond to gender-based violence . 16 . Recognizing the challenge of access at the subnational level due to insecurity and limited infrastructure , and the need to ensure closer monitoring of projects and interactions with beneficiaries , UNDP is implementing a regionalization strategy that will transform UNDP