forms a small share of the pool of funds ( 15 % ) . Promoter contributions exceed 50 % with own equity , market debt and low-cost debt . ; As discussed at the beginning of the chapter , the essence of the Stage-Gate developmental model is the effective presence of enablers and actions . Sections below discuss the key enablers and actions required for meeting the targets through each of the three stages . The stages contain certain provisos , which if realized could translate into additional power generation and eventual contribution to the RENP policy target of 5,000 MW by 2032 . # 5.2 Key enablers and actions # 5.2.1 Policy readiness and programmatic support One of the recurrent prerequisites discussed in the context of RE sector development is the need for policies and regulatory direction from the government . Among the landmarks achieved , Renewable Energy Policy for the country has been finalized . Another vital regulatory instrument is the Feed in Tariff Policy . In addition , Energy Investment Policy and others are also in the process of being approved . While these policies provide a legal and regulatory framework for managing the overall energy and renewable energy domains , there is also a need for other specific enablers which include the following : a. Programmatic guidelines ( or Schemes ) for promoting specific business models : National level programmatic guidelines for development of Solar ( or Wind ) Power Parks and for Distribution Franchisees shall unlock the markets for SPPs and pave way for distribution franchisee or mini-utilities in the country . The guidelines should include as a minimum - the definition ; framework and processes ; institutional roles and responsibilities ; permissions , clearances and statutory requirements ; power evacuation and financing mechanisms . b . Policy on mini-grids : A dedicated policy on mini-grids is required to kick-start this segment in Afghanistan . The policy should expectedly include the definition and description ; technical standards and guidelines for designing , operating and maintaining the mini-grids ; tariff methodologies ; structure and roles for the energy service company ( RESCO ) ; regulations and incentives ; and involvement of local enterprises , communities in sustaining the mini-grids . c. Regulatory guidance on power distribution and grid integration for off-grid systems : There is a need to provide guidelines for setting up of roof-top and offgrid power projects in a manner that would allow safe and seamless integration with the national grid when it reached these locations . d. Demarcation of areas for electrification through decentralised ( localized ) generation : Taking DABS ’ proposed network as the starting point , districts or zones may be identified where power may be generated and consumed locally . These shall not only open the market for decentralised renewable energy projects , but also allow DABS to identify its own priority areas . It would also provide clear guidance for electrification efforts in Afghanistan . e. Greening of