digesters . 2 . The process for developing project pipeline follows a 3–level decision process : a . Level 1 assesses the possibility of utility scale RE projects on the basis of good quality RE resource , availability of national grid for power evacuation , road connectivity and overall security situation . If not satisfied , it points at options of mini-grids and off-grid stand-alone systems . b . Level 2 assesses the viability of setting up either RE/ hybrid mini-grids or stand-alone systems on the basis of population concentration , nature of loads ( i.e . domestic , institutional , enterprises , anchor loads such as telecom towers ) , and operational diesel mini-grids that can be hybridised or replaced with RE . c. Level 3 assesses the feasibility of specific projects on the basis of primary energy surveys , topographical studies , environmental and social impact assessment ( if required ) , community engagement activities , stakeholder consultations etc . 11 The decision process evolves into a flow-chart and is presented as the decision tool to develop RE project pipeline for Afghanistan . # Markets and business models 3 . Further , for each of the market segments ( i.e . utility scale , mini-grids , off-grid/ stand-alone ) , the Roadmap recommends business models that identify the roles of the government , DABS , private sector ( already present and likely to be present ) , MFIs , NGOs and communities . Regional and international best practices have been studied and customized for designing the businesses models for Afghanistan . Solar Power Parks , solar roof-top with net-metering , RESCO ( Renewable Energy Service Company ) and microfinance aided sale of stand-alone devices ( i.e . Pay-As-You-Go ) are some of the business models selected for RE projects in Afghanistan . # Ecosystem enablers 4 . The Roadmap uses a Stage-Gate model to discuss the enablers that are required for development of RE markets across several technologies and business models . Market development is expected to commence with the introduction of policies and guidelines for specific technologies and business models , such as the feed-in tariffs , and net-metering policy . Implementation of model projects across technologies as public – private – partnership ( PPP ) projects , will further develop this sector . This initial stage is termed as Market Seeding . 5 . With favourable policies and an enabling business environment , commercial-scale projects may be implemented , moving the market from seeding to Market Creation stage . The first few commercial projects , led by the private sector , will comprise low-risk options where risks and gains are shared across the government , private sector and beneficiary communities . The subsequent stage is that of Market Transformation where technologies and markets are mainstreamed within the overall energy sector . # Costing and financing 6 . The costs for applicable RE technologies and projects in Afghanistan have been collected through primary research by directly consulting