4.8 GW at the end of 2016 with a further 11 GW in pipeline . Globally , costs for solar thermal technologies are declining , several new technologies are under development , and thermal energy storage ( TES ) is becoming increasingly important and remains the focus of extensive research and development . CSP is gathering increased policy support in nations with limited oil/gas reserves , constrained power networks or strong agenda for industrialization and job creation . # Status and relevance in Afghanistan The largest solar thermal system ( 20m3/day ) has been installed in Kabul University ’ s women ’ s dormitory funded by the World Bank . Some other small solar thermal systems ( domestic and large scale ) are installed in the schools , dormitories , children garden and military bases since 1980 . Different types of solar thermal systems are manufactured in the country , like solar concentrated system for cooking , flat plate hot water system among others . Currently , advance solar hot water system ( SHWS ) are imported from China and India and are being used in the houses and for commercial purposes . Small and large scale of solar driers are made and used in agriculture sector . There is a huge potential of solar thermal systems such as SHWS , which can be utilized in domestic sector , schools and mosques . Solar dryers can increase the quality of the local products in the agriculture sector . Local fabrication of the components can help create jobs and utilize locally manufactured materials . Solar cookers can be useful and applicable for rural communities and nomads . # Solar Thermal-LPG Hybrid Smart Cooking Solar Thermal- LPG Hybrid Smart Cooking system has been commissioned at NTPC- Dadri , India which has been hybridized with Concentrating Solar Thermal M90 Dishes and efficient LPG Fired Burner . During day time ( sunny hours ) the system uses concentrating solar heat from M90 dishes for cooking , and during non-sunny periods , the LPG Fired burner automatically fires up , to provide completely automated-uninterrupted heat to the kitchen for cooking . Solar Thermal M90 Dishes at NTPC bear low running cost , the payback period is less than four years . Configuration of Concentrating Solar M90 Dishes at NTPC- Dadri , India : Peak Capacity at STC 80,000 kcal/hr . ; Application Cooking ( Baking , Boiling and Frying ) ; System Configuration Hot Thermic Oil at 220°C ; Integration Hybridized with LPG Thermic Oil Heater ; Peak Capacity at STC 80,000 kcal/hr . ; Total Concentrator Area 2 Nos . of M90 Dishes totaling 180 m2 ; # Solar–Biomass Hybrid Cold Storage-cum-Power Generation system for Rural Applications A new concept whereby available biomass and solar resource could be used to operate a small , decentralized cold storage right at the village level is implemented in National Institute of Solar Energy ( NISE ) , India and is now operational . In addition to providing