the growth of the sector . # 5.2.4 Access to finance One of the key enablers for RE sector in Afghanistan is access to finance , which spans across all finance needs , viz . large , medium , small and micro . In this direction , the relative weakness in the Afghan domestic financial system implies that private resources are not readily available for investment in the renewable energy sector . As a result , the main sources of finance lie in the public domain . The RENP has rightly identified the unlocking of private capital as a means to finance investments in the renewable energy sector . Engagement of banking sector & investment finance can take place at the following levels : q . Bank ( Debt ) Finance : Bank finance for large and medium scale projects in the renewable energy sector shall in-turn mobilize both private and public capital . Currently , most projects in this domain get supported by concessional donor funds and government contributions . Currently Afghan banks are more focused on retail operations , however donor or government guaranteed debt instruments can leverage additional capital . These can be utilized to expedite implementation of renewable energy projects , especially for solar power parks , larger RE technology projects and setting up of power distribution franchisees . r. Microfinance : Primarily for micro scale projects at the user level , microfinance supported renewable energy projects has had significant success in ecosystems similar to Afghanistan , across Asia and Africa . Similar potential exists here , with high levels of household energy demand for consumption as well as microenterprise development . s. Working capital finance : In addition , working capital finance , which is currently available from Afghan banks for large businesses and industrial groups , is a potential enabler for easing the capital constraints of the RE market . # 5.2.5 Local manufacturing and enterprise development t. Enterprise development : In a rural economy , enterprises form the backbone , supporting the economy with employment , trade and commerce . Enterprises also enable communities to adapt to climate-induced exigencies that lead to lower farm incomes and consequently higher climate vulnerability . From an energy security perspective , enterprises are a key enabler as they are able to utilise energy for productive applications , thereby generating incomes to sustain both the enterprise as well as the energy generation unit . There is a role for social enterprise incubators , who provide various value-add services such as sales and marketing tie-ups , advice on operating businesses and start-up capital . In the Afghan context , the incubator landscape is dominated by donors and CSOs , which provide inputs to enterprise development . However , there is a need for strengthening enterprises as well as enterprise incubation services . Several government agencies , especially MRRD and MAIL ( Ministry of Agriculture , Irrigation and Livestock ) , in collaboration with development partners , have set up