access to renewable energy for 25 % of rural population as the goal . Many donors and international organisations are supporting the development of renewable energy sector in Afghanistan . The Asian Development Bank , GIZ , DFID , Islamic Development Bank are among a few . According to the Ministry of Energy and Water ( MEW ) , about 5100 RE Projects have been jointly implemented/ under implementation by MEW/MRRD/DABS and other developers , the installed capacity of the mentioned projects is 55 MW . MEW has recently invited private sector to invest in 30 RE projects totalling upto 100 MW and comprising biogas , solar , wind , hydro and hybrid technology options . Projects Total Total No of Renewable Energy Projects Completed 4,602 ; Total No of Renewable Energy Projects Planned 99 ; Total No of Renewable Energy Projects Under Construction 493 ; Total Capacity of Renewable Energy Projects ( no . ) 5,911 ; Total Capacity of Renewable Energy Projects Completed and ( kW ) 55,011 ; Biomass Total number 44 Capacity ( kW ) 0 ; MHP Total number 2,678 Capacity ( kW ) 52,913 ; Solar Total number 2,450 Capacity ( kW ) 1,868 ; Wind Total number 22 Capacity ( kW ) 230 ; Total Total number 5,194 Capacity ( kW ) 55,01116 ; # 1.3 Business environment and industrial landscape The renewable energy industry in Afghanistan is in infancy . The AREU is a newly formed body with about 45 members and consist of equipment manufacturers and system integrators . The status of financial sector remains a constraint for private sector development and limited access to credit is limiting the growth and involvement of local RE industry in rural and renewable energy sector . The business environment is characterised by grant based delivery models . Private sector engagement in the RE market is still weak and unsystematic . The tariff regime is largely dominated by Da Afghanistan Breshna Sherkat ( DABS ) , the national utility . DABS operates on a cost-plus pricing basis . As a result , tariff rates can be high , and they often are . The weighted average tariff in 2014 was Afs 7.3 ( 0.11 $ ) per kWh . Commercial customers of DABS almost everywhere pay around 8-10 Afs ( 0.15 $ ) per kWh . Further , DABS finances are affected by foreign exchange movements ; since imported power is purchased in USD while local revenues are in AFN . Increasing the proportion of supply from domestic sources is one lever to manage this risk . # 1.4 Renewable and rural energy programs and key outcomes The renewable energy landscape in Afghanistan is dominated by hydropower and solar PV technologies . National Solidarity Program ( NSP ) / NABDP and Energy for Rural Development in Afghanistan ( ERDA ) within NABDP , have been the flagship programs of MRRD for rural energization . In addition to MRRD , DABS also carries out grid extensions