generation . ; • To provide electric lighting for rural households , displacing hydrocarbon and solid fuel lighting , and enabling use of basic household appliances and labour saving devices . ; • To displace the use of solid fuels for cooking and heating to the maximum extent possible . ; • To promote social equity by providing access to renewable energy supplies that improves human development indicators and alleviates poverty amongst deprived sections of society . Rural electrification can thus facilitate social service delivery and help improve the well-being of those living below the National Poverty Line without access to renewable energy supplies . ; • To alleviate the environmental and health impacts of electricity generated by unsustainable and inefficient traditional biomass fuels and fossil fuels . Displacing greenhouse gas emissions will provide significant global climate change benefits . ; • To encourage energy efficiency in parallel with the other objectives , to minimize longterm generation needs . ; # 2.1 Guiding Principles The specific principles of the RREP are : • Renewable energy options will be pursued based upon renewable energy resource availability , distance from the national grid , community ability to operate and maintain the particular renewable energy supplied , equipment cost , and the number of beneficiary households . • Where appropriate , the generation of productive power will be a preferred option over stand-alone systems since the productivity , income and welfare benefits derived will enhance future ability to pay for supplies received . ; • The impact of renewable energy in rural areas will be optimized wherever possible by integrating energy solutions with the provision of social infrastructure , such as educational and medical facilities , clean water supply , irrigation and agriculture , roads and telecommunications , so as to promote greater social welfare , productivity , trade , and economic well-being amongst beneficiary communities . ; • Since mini-grid costs depend significantly on local conditions , a range of information will need to be gathered regarding village topologies , load profiles , and time series data on wind speeds and water flow . ; • To facilitate private sector participation as rural energy service providers , rural service delivery mechanisms may involve energy service companies , equipment dealers or cooperatives . ; • To overcome the high initial system cost relative to conventional alternatives , and to provide a means whereby households can continue to pay amounts equivalent to their conventional energy purchases . Long-term consumer credit through a microfinance organization may be one mechanism to address initial costs . ; • To support rural entrepreneurs with a range of services , including training , marketing , feasibility studies , business planning , management , financing and linkages to community organizations as a means to expand access to renewable energy services . Measures will be devised to support the private sector in mobilizing financing and enabling public sector investment in promotional , demonstrative , and pilot projects . ; • To