slightly , from 6,796 cases in 2008 to 6,000 in 2012 , the actual number of incidents of violence against women , as the Government acknowledged in the Millennium Development Goals Report , 2012 , is much higher , as a large number of incidents go unreported . The data clearly indicate that although some progress has been made in the condition of women , especially girls , those gains remain fragile and reversible . 9 . The outlook for Afghanistan over the course of the country programme is uncertain , due to a range of economic , social , political , and security challenges . The international community plays an important role in helping the country navigate this period from transition to transformation and achieve the goal of self-reliance . The years to come will be characterized by a reduced international footprint and a likely reduction in the role of the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan ( UNAMA ) . As the focus of assistance from the international community evolves from supporting security and stabilization to sustainable development and resilience , UNDP is planning its interventions based on assumptions derived from discussions of possible future scenarios . UNDP will increase its added value by rebalancing its programme and maintaining a flexible stance . This will be accomplished based on a flexible regional presence , innovative and expanding partnerships and funding sources , and nimble risk management . As part of the new United Nations Development Assistance Framework , UNDP and United Nations partners will identify how to work together by geographical sector and area . At the national level , UNDP will focus on electoral processes and seek to build government capacity to assume responsibility for the management of a civilian police force . To address disparities across the country , UNDP will strengthen livelihoods and community resilience at the subnational level , and will assist Afghanistan in tackling poverty and sustaining economic gains . UNDP will address the marginalization of women and vulnerable groups by strengthening its work with state and non-state actors , civil society and local communities . It will seek to diversify its funding partners , focusing initially on the Global Environment Facility and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria . The impact of UNDP work will bring greater political , social , and economic opportunities for all Afghans , better systems for accountable governance through the rule of law , and social inclusion . UNDP commits to allocate 15 per cent of its resources to gender equality and women ’ s empowerment . # II . Programme priorities and partnerships 10 . The country programme seeks to achieve transformational change in an environment of great complexity and insecurity . UNDP will continue to adapt to a changing national context in four of the five United Nations Development Assistance Framework outcomes outlined below , and will take on leadership or facilitation roles in those areas as requested . Conflict sensitivity