them as hot ( high priority ) and cold ( low priority ) and is applied below to prioritise the deployment of some RETs and downgrade some others in the context of Afghanistan . The High priority and strategically important projects and their achievable targets are described here : # a ) Solar PV utility scale The Decision Tool points at setting up a total of 800 MW of solar utility scale PV through Solar Power Parks ( SPPs ) and Independent Power Producers ( IPPs ) , with an optimum capacity of 100 MW for SPPs and 10 MW for IPPs . Land requirement will roughly be of the order to 1250-1400 hectares for 800 MW . The proposed 100 MW SPP at Naghlu and 10 MW IPP at Kandahar will be trailblazers in this segment . SPP model is discussed in details in next chapter . # b ) Utility scale wind farms Utility scale wind power projects , commonly known as wind farms , both in power parks mode and IPP mode , are high priority projects and upto 600 MW capacity addition is recommended using this technology . # c ) Roof-top solar PV This market segment is of strategic importance to Afghanistan ’ s major cities and provincial capitals on account of unmet captive demand and dependence on diesel genset in most of government , public and private buildings , and available roof space . Assuming an average 1 kWp system on residential households and multiples of 10 kWp in public and private institutional buildings , an aggregate capacity of 420 MWp can be installed using this technology . The proposed 10 MWp roof-top PV project in Kabul would be the first-of-its kind , which will be followed by similar projects in other major towns and provincial capitals that are/ will be connected to the national/ provincial grids . # d ) Bio-methanation of municipal solid waste The conversion of municipal solid waste into energy is of strategic importance to Afghanistan considering the amount of solid waste generated in major municipalities . For instance , Kabul generates approximately 1600 tonnes of MSW daily . The first proposed pilot project for 6.0 MW in Kabul municipality is an encouraging initiative . The Roadmap recommends more such projects , totalling to about 56 MW aggregated installed capacity . # e ) Mini-grids - Solar PV , MHP and hybrids Mini-grids have emerged as viable alternative to grid extension for rural/ semi-urban communities ’ world over . Diesel based mini-grids are commonly used in Afghanistan , which need to be either replaced or hybridized with solar , wind and MHP technologies . In addition , new mini-grids need to be installed in load centers and provincial towns . Roadmap recommends a total of 720 MW of installed capacities . About 25 mini-grids on average 500 kW capacities are being proposed under the ASERD programme of MRRD , which will kickstart this segment . # f ) Solar PV