A common and accepted understanding of the roles and responsibilities in the ownership , operation and management , maintenance , payment for services , regulation , funding and financing , etc . are critical and should be achieved . ; • Financing model of almost all the cost of the installation and maintenance with donor funding is not sustainable , collecting fee-for-services from the consumers is important for O & M of the plant . ; • It will be important to create rural energy service delivery models that engage the private sector and financial institutions and leverage donor and government sources to create scalable and replicable models . ; • There is a need to include gender perspective in the planning and implementation of rural energy projects and gender mainstreaming should be an integral component of any policy and planning framework . ; # 1.5 Relevance of mapping the road to RE development Mapping the road to RE development ( The Roadmap ) , is important not only for meeting the internal objectives of energy access and energy security , but also to keep Afghanistan aligned with international initiatives on climate change adaptation and mitigation ; sustainable development goals , and regional energy trade . At the macro level , the Roadmap shall contribute to achievement of sustainable development goals ( SDGs ) , especially towards reduction of poverty ( SDG 1 ) , affordable and clean energy ( SDG 7 ) and industry , innovation and infrastructure ( SDG 9 ) . It also addresses concerns in good health and wellbeing ( SDG 3 ) and quality education ( SDG 4 ) through provision of energy security for better service delivery in social sectors . Consistency with climate action ( SDG 13 ) is maintained by linking the Roadmap ’ s broad vision and outputs with key national climate policy documents such as the Afghanistan CCSAP and INDC . Following figure highlights the relevance of the Roadmap . # Prospects • Only 30 % energy access in rural areas and 65 % in urban ; • Estimates suggest 222 GW of solar , 66 GW of wind and 23GW of hydro potential ; • Role of RE recognized for energy access , energy security , SDGs and climate resilient development ; # Situation • Forward looking and conducive policy regime ; • RED ( MEW ) , a dedicated department to develop RE sector ; • Donors support to further the sector ; • Private sector taking interest ; # Requirements • Efficient and effective regulatory and policy landscape to attract private sector ; • Regulatory and policy landscape to be efficient and effective for private sector to participate in RE development ; • Strong pipeline for economically sustainable and financially viable projects ; • Local industry to be strengthened to support the implementation of RE projects ; • Synergistic approach by donors and other developmental partners ; • Institutions absorptive to the capacity building and strengthening initiatives