. 7 . It specifies guidelines for setting tariffs for different categories of REN projects . 8 . It lays the foundation for setting up “ basket-funds ” for REN projects which would evolve into a dedicated REN financing institution in TERM 2 of the Policy implementation . 9 . It recognizes the importance of institutional strengthening and possible reorganization , including setting up of new institutions and facilities camps . 10 . It mandates the use of standards , quality control , monitoring , knowledge management , supports local manufacturing units , user training and awareness creation . 11 . The policy recognizes the need to establish Feed-in-Tariff , Regulated investment Return Net/Smart Metering , Market Premium , Tax Based Incentives , Financial Incentives such as Grants , term L soft term loanss , Loans , Rebates and Production Incentives 12 . The policy also supports Rules and Regulations , Grid and Mini Grid Regulation , Market Regulation , National Strategic Reserve , Capacity Mechanism , Demand Response incentives , Introduction of REN Portfolio Standards ( Quota Schemes ) , Ring Fence Budget , the mandatory requirement to sell of Green Power , Fuel disclosure , policies , and subsidies as considered and declared by the Renewable Energy Department , Ministry Of Energy and Water . 13 . It encourages and envisages active participation of women on supply and demand side of REN projects . 14 . It provides a platform to integrate environment and energy efficiency with REN sector . The Policy is dedicated to realizing the vision of Islamic Republic of Afghanistan – Asociety of hope and prosperity based on strong , private sector led economy , social equity and environmental sustain ability # 1.0 Context and Background 1.1 Afghanistan is poised for stability and growth and would require reliable supply of energy to fuel this growth . Afghanistan National Development Strategy ( ANDS ) recognizes energy as one of the pillars for the socio-economic development of the country within which Expanded or New Supply from renewable energy resources is one of the important components . The Afghan Energy Strategy contains an implicit prioritization of energy sub-sector activities . Electricity is given far greater preference or priority than other sectors on the belief that modern economies are built on electricity . Accordingly , the strategic goals of Afghan power sector , succinctly defined in the Power Sector Master Plan ( PSMP ) are to take the rural household electricity connections from a current 28 % to 65 % level and urban households to 100 % level by 2032 . The National Energy Supply Programme ( NESP ) in line with the PSMP aims to prepare for delivery of sufficient electricity to support economic growth at a rate of about 10 % per annum to support the Government 's broader goal of reducing poverty by 3 % per annum and doing so in a cost effective manner given the fiscal realities of Afghanistan . Renewable energy will play