it would be important to put a formal coordination mechanism in place to ensure exchange of information and ideas on one hand , and to avoid overlaps of efforts on the other . Such a mechanism would be institutionalized in TERM 1 which would also include incentivization , facilitation and felicitation of NGO led efforts . This mechanism will be upgraded to a registration –cum- approval platform in TERM 2.5.1 Guidelines for setting up REN projects 1 . The main aim of the AREP TERM 1 is to prepare the atmosphere to usher in the commercialization of REN through private sector participation which will be seen in full force during AREP TERM 2 . The REN sector has so far been supported mainly by donor funds , which is not a desired scenario for sustaining the REN sector in Afghanistan . It is therefore essential to attract adequate investments from the private sector as the donor and government resources will not have sufficient funds to support the REN sector . However , balancing the requirement of attracting private investments by ensuring appropriate return on investment and that of ensuring reasonability of user charges for the consumers is the critical challenge for the regulatory process . Since the donors supports are not sustainable , in TERM 1 atmosphere for private sector should be paved . 2 . Therefore , the REN development in TERM 1 will happen under PPP mode wherein a synergy of regulations , incentivization and facilitation will instill the confidence among the private sector to invest in REN projects in Afghanistan . While the entire sector is open to investments from the private sector , in terms of priority , the grid-connected large scale projects are likely to be the first ones to attract private investment , followed by the distributed generation sector and then the off-grid stand-alone sector . This prioritization is on account of the risk perception among the private sector on return of its investment . Accordingly , the AREP TERM 1 will set out following guidelines for attracting private sector investment in REN sector : a . Guidelines for setting up grid-connected REN projects . b . Guidelines for setting up projects for distributed generation with local grid . c. Guidelines for setting up off-grid stand-alone projects.criteria ; registration process ; application process including DPRs and technical designs ; clearances and approvals ; land acquisition and usage for private , government and community land ; grid-connectivity ; creation/ use of other infrastructure and facilities such as roads and water ; legal , commercial and community related agreements including Power Purchase Agreements ( PPAs ) ; safety certifications and quality control procedures ; performance guarantees ; post commissioning obligations and activities ; exit options , both mid-way and at the end of agreed project lifetime ; issuing of license ( generation , transmission , distribution , operation and maintenance ) . 5.2 Financial incentives Considering the fact that REN projects have so far received full