Order Trust Fund itself , as a major financial disbursement mechanism , needs to be redefined . 7 . Economic development and poverty alleviation through area-based approaches and regional and South-South cooperation to address exclusion , the ‘ youth bulge ’ , and community resilience are also essential for progress . About 36 per cent of the Afghan population live below the national poverty line , a situation that has remained unchanged in over six years . The share of the working population in vulnerable employment is 79 per cent for men and 87 per cent for women ( 2011-2012 ) , highlighting the fragility of the economy and the potential for large parts of the population to fall further into poverty when confronted with shocks or natural disasters . Since over 80 per cent of the population depend on natural resources for their livelihoods — in a socio-political environment dominated by patronage networks — poverty reduction in Afghanistan requires direct intervention to ensure equitable access to assets such as land and water . Furthermore , about 250,000 Afghan people are affected by natural disasters yearly , and the country has 650,000 conflict-induced internally displaced persons . Large rural populations remain without access to affordable energy , vital for local economic development . UNDP already provides support to all provinces , and about 80 per cent of all districts , to improve planning , budgeting and implementation of a produc tive infrastructure more conducive to local development . This support should be scaled up to address issues of income generation and sustainable livelihoods , especially for young people , through entrepreneurship development and employment creation . UNDP will also enhance the provision of energy , support environmental governance and build resilience to climate change and disasters . 8 . In 2012 , the Gender Inequality Index listed Afghanistan 147th out of 148 countries . Women are often the most vulnerable to the effects of conflict and poverty , and regularly face gender-based violence . Despite some improvement in women ’ s conditions , social , cultural and religious practices continue to limit their rights and quality of life . Building on the foundations of a gender equality project and gender mainstreaming across its entire portfolio during recent years , UNDP will select critical ministries and certain key provinces to advocate for Security Council resolutions 1325 and 2122 and to promote women ’ s empowerment and the monitoring mechanism to ensure that national and international legislation and rights are protected , with special attention to gender-based violence . The Millennium Declaration acknowledged that gender equality is both a goal in itself and a condition for achieving the other Millennium Development Goals . The National Risk and Vulnerability Assessment , 2011-2012 , noted that only 19 per cent of the working-age women are currently active in the labour market , compared to 80 per cent of men . Finally , although the number of registered cases of violence against women has decreased