stand-alone systems , include solar pumping Solar PV stand-alone systems consisting of street lights , home lighting and domestic systems , power packs for telecom towers , solar pumps , portable lights and battery chargers are some of the systems that can play a critical role in improving energy access of rural communities . Upto 126 MWp worth of aggregate capacity can be installed in this segment as per this Roadmap . Private enterprises are already marketing these systems in Afghanistan . Initiatives such as ‘ Citizens ’ Charter Afghanistan Programme ’ will provide a further boost to this segment . # g ) Non-concentrating solar thermal systems Given the requirement of hot-water ( and low-grade heat ) for domestic , community and commercial purposes throughout the year in Afghanistan , non-concentrating solar thermal systems ( flat-plate or ETC ) can play a critical role in providing thermal energy to these applications . Accordingly , Roadmap suggests a total target of 60 MW under this category . # h ) Biogas and improved cookstoves for cooking energy In addition to solar thermal systems , biogas and improved cookstoves will make a significant contribution in thermal energy sector by providing clean energy for cooking . This Roadmap suggests a deployment of such systems with an aggregate capacity of around 6.7 MW . # i ) Concentrating Solar Power ( CSP ) Although CSP has not yet been introduced in Afghanistan , it is a proven technology and there are operational power plants globally as well as in the region . Since the solar radiation levels , particularly DNI levels are high in Afghanistan , at least a few pilot CSP plants are recommended to be set up in any one the provinces high with solar radiations levels . Most commonly sized capacity amongst operational CSP plants globally is 50 MW . # j ) Floating PV ( Floatovoltaics ) Though a relatively new concept world-wide , there are already 70 FPV projects currently operational , most of these in Japan . The sizes range from as small as 5 kWp to the largest one being 20 MWp . Most of these FPV plants are installed on reservoirs . Considering the fact that Afghanistan has significant numbers of reservoirs and dams for irrigational and electricity generation purposes , this Roadmap recommends setting up of 10.5 MWp of floating PV plants of varying capacities on the basis of detailed feasibility studies , including Environmental-Social Impacts Assessment ( ESIA ) studies . # k ) Large hydro projects Large hydro projects are now being considered as renewable energy projects . Their contribution to Afghanistan ’ s total energy mix is significant . While the plan for installing large hydro projects under NSSP is already underway , this Roadmap recommends focussing on nearly 1750 MW worth of projects that are stalled due to several reasons . With these and other projects being commissioned , 2000 MW of additional renewable energy capacity can be added .