with project developers , mainly members of Afghanistan Renewable Energy Union ( AREU ) and a few NGOs and donors . These costs are compared with regional and international costs to understand and then benchmark RE costs for Afghanistan . 7 . The above exercise helps in estimating the financing requirements for the Roadmap and suggesting enablers that can help in reducing the costs in future . An analysis of various available mechanisms- globally , regionally and locally- is undertaken to recommend possible ways to finance the Roadmap . # Implementation arrangement 8 . It is important to recognize the hierarchy of this document ( the Roadmap ) within the renewable energy development planning process . The RENP sets the vision and goals for RE development in Afghanistan and the Roadmap develops a strategy for achieving these goals . The next logical step is to implement the strategy laid out in the Roadmap by carrying out activities and initiatives and monitoring their progress with the help of a tracking system . A brief discussion on the implementation arrangement with focus on institutional structure , skill enhancements and training is also included in this document . # Presentation of Roadmap The Roadmap is presented in eight chapters . It maps the RE resource potential across different regions ; selects appropriate and viable RE technologies ; identifies applications and categorises markets for selected RE technologies ; develops project pipeline for identified markets and designs suitable business models for each market category . This analysis is based on the Decision Tool , specifically developed for this purpose and applied across Afghanistan . Subsequently , the Roadmap focuses on enablers and actions required for achieving the targets and milestones using the Stage-Gate model customised for market categories and business models . The enablers are analysed across technical , financial , regulatory and institutional landscape , as applicable to Afghanistan . Further , the analysis also includes estimation of costs for various technologies in Afghanistan . The outcome of this analysis are the financial requirements and financing modalities ; regulatory & institutional framework for setting up business models ; assessment and planning for institutional capacities and evaluation of overall impacts of implementing the Roadmap . # 1 INTRODUCTION # 1.1 Rationale Renewable energy sector development is one of the priority areas for the Government of Islamic Republic of Afghanistan ( GoIRA ) for immediate purpose of providing access to modern energy to remote and rural population and for medium to long term purpose of providing energy security to the country . Afghanistan is rich in energy resources , both fossil fuel based and renewables . However , it still depends heavily on imported electricity and fuels and has one of the lowest per capita consumption of electricity in the world . Lack of domestic generation remains the key challenge for energy security and energy access in Afghanistan . Its 30 % electrification rate ranks it in the lowest 5 % in per capita energy consumption