, 67 GW of wind and 23 GW of hydro potential . In addition , biomass and geo-thermal resources are also available in the Country . 1.7 The Ministry of Energy and Water ( MEW ) is the nodal Ministry to plan and direct the development of energy sector in Afghanistan . Promotion and use of renewable energy is an integral component of this mandate . The MRRD coordinates with the MEW in deploying renewable energy for rural development within a specified capacity framework . The first draft of the Rural Renewable Energy Policy ( RREP ) has been developed by MRRD and will be finalized in coordination with MEW and other relevant stakeholders to guide their efforts in this direction . Da Afghanistan Breshna Sherkat ( DABS ) is a joint stock government company in the field of power which is iblthrough existed facilities , its transmission , dispatching , distribution and provision throughout the country . 1.8 The Renewable Energy Coordination Committee ( RECC ) with the support of the Inter-Ministerial Commission for Energy ( ICE ) and provincial energy working groups assigned the task of overall coordination between MEW and MRRD for activities and efforts pertaining to renewable energy projects development . 1.9 The renewable energy projects in Afghanistan have so far been supported extensively by the donor community . Some of the recent initiatives include 1 MW offgrid solar plant in Bamyan , and 2.2 MW of solar and MHP projects in Takhar and Badakhshan provinces . In addition , donors have also supported technical assistance and capacity building activities . The Technical and operational guidelines for MHP and photovoltaic power systems , and technical handbook for micro hydro design have been developed . An online renewable energy database of projects has been prepared , which up to date over 5000 REN projects consisting of MHP , wind and solar are completed and 500 are under construction . The total installed capacity of these completed and under construction projects is 57,500 kW . Another 100 projects are under planning stage3 . 1.10 The REN sector on account of its potential to support the growth of Afghanistan 's economy is continuing to attract donors . Some of the likely initiatives area ) Development of a renewable energy roadmap for the country ; b ) ARapid Assessment / Gap Analysis , with major components focused on renewable energy and energy efficiency as part of SE4All initiative ; and c ) A market assessment survey for renewable energy projects , which will include elements of understanding Willingness to pay ( WTP ) , market size and potential by the creation of an industry association . 1.12 While the donor support for REN is important , there is a scope for improved coordination and synergies among various donors to support this sector which eventually has to be self- sustaining . From the current donor-supported status , the growth trajectory of REN sector has to follow the path of Public-Private-Partnership (