to make investments in power generation and/or distribution systems that would optimally serve its command area . This segment is also marked by use of new technologies and the application of ICT enabled features to ensure optimality in production and distribution.58 # Micro , standalone systems The standalone segment has seen some market movement via outright purchases of solar powered home systems . However , this market is largely non-formal and lacks quality assurances . The segment has significant potential in Afghanistan with the centralized grid not being a cost-effective option in several pockets of the country dominated by mountainous terrain and spatially dispersed communities . With this generic categorization of markets , the approach adopted in developing business models for Afghanistan is to bring the understanding of what has worked globally , and customize it to the local Afghan context . For each market segment , the following section identifies business models customized in the Afghan context . # 4.2 Solar Power Parks ( SPP ) # Description SPP is a dedicated and demarcated zone for development of solar PV power projects . Several power producers operate within a SPP . The park provides project developers with proper infrastructure and access to facilities for power generation and export to the grid against a firm Power Purchase Agreement ( PPA ) . In doing so , project development risks are minimized for the individual developer . SPPs facilitate developers by reducing the number of required approvals . The solar park is typically developed and operated by a Special Purpose Vehicle or a service provider , usually called the Solar Power Park Developer or SPPD . While this section discusses the SPPs , similar approach may also be considered for setting up of wind power parks/farms . # Salient features As defined above , a single SPP can accommodate several projects promoted by a number of private sector entities , all facing roughly similar conditions for power generation and sale , which are governed in their individual power purchase agreements signed with the off-taker , such as DABS in this case . The activity of setting up the infrastructure for a SPP is generally anchored by a government entity . This entity , in the role of the SPPD , executes the following : • Acquisition of land and developing it for SPP ; • Getting land related clearances and approvals that are required to convert it to land suitable for SPP development ; • Developing approach roads , water supply and distribution , drainage and other related infrastructure to each project within the SPP ; • Creating the power transmission network within the park and maintaining it ; also setting up power evacuation infrastructure to connect to the grid ; • Providing security for SPP ; After execution of these tasks , the project developers are invited to invest in setting up solar PV projects through a bidding process . Projects are set up through Build-Own-OperateMaintain ( BOOM ) process