sufficient funds to support the REN sector . However , balancing the requirement of attracting private investments by ensuring appropriate return on investment and that of ensuring reasonability of user charges for the consumers is the critical challenge for the regulatory process . Since the donors supports are not sustainable , in TERM 1 atmosphere for private sector should be paved . 2 . Therefore , the REN development in TERM 1 will happen under PPP mode wherein a synergy of regulations , incentivization and facilitation will instill the confidence among the private sector to invest in REN projects in Afghanistan . While the entire sector is open to investments from the private sector , in terms of priority , the grid-connected large scale projects are likely to be the first ones to attract private investment , followed by the distributed generation sector and then the off-grid stand-alone sector . This prioritization is on account of the risk perception among the private sector on return of its investment . Accordingly , the AREP TERM 1 will set out following guidelines for attracting private sector investment in REN sector : a . Guidelines for setting up grid-connected REN projects . b . Guidelines for setting up projects for distributed generation with local grid . c. Guidelines for setting up off-grid stand-alone projects.criteria ; registration process ; application process including DPRs and technical designs ; clearances and approvals ; land acquisition and usage for private , government and community land ; grid-connectivity ; creation/ use of other infrastructure and facilities such as roads and water ; legal , commercial and community related agreements including Power Purchase Agreements ( PPAs ) ; safety certifications and quality control procedures ; performance guarantees ; post commissioning obligations and activities ; exit options , both mid-way and at the end of agreed project lifetime ; issuing of license ( generation , transmission , distribution , operation and maintenance ) . # 5.2 Financial incentives Considering the fact that REN projects have so far received full funding from donors and are still not able to self –sustain , provision of subsidies is considered necessary and unavoidable . However the subsidies would be reviewed , rationalized and carefully targeted keeping in view affordability and cost effective delivery of reliable energy services . The upfront capital support in the form of subsidies will be provided to all REN projects in order to make them viable by either improving the returns on investment or by reducing the tariffs for commercial and domestic ( both urban and rural ) consumers . The amount and pattern of subsidy will vary depending upon the technology , location and the design of the project . For instance , stand- alone projects providing basic energy services to remote communities , projects supported by women , or benefiting women and children may receive the highest allocation of subsidies . Subsidies could be given in the form of Preferential Tariffs , Performance Linked Incentives or Viability Gap