capacity to ground mounted systems , this system varies significantly because of the need of a longer , wider and stronger mounting structure to support its installation over the width of the canal . # VII . Concentrating photovoltaic ( CPV ) systems CPV uses lenses and curved mirrors to focus sunlight onto small , but highly efficient , multijunction ( MJ ) solar cells . In addition , CPV systems often use solar trackers and sometimes a cooling system to further increase their efficiency . Ongoing research and development ( R & D ) is rapidly improving their competitiveness in the utility-scale segment and in areas of high insolation . # Global status and outlook Global Solar PV installations at the end of 2016 stand at 303 GWp , contributed both by industrialized and developing countries . The size and number of large-scale power plants continue to grow globally . During early 2016 , at least 120 ( 70 in the previous year ) solar PV plants of sizes 50 MW and larger were operating in 23 countries . Increase in market for solar PV is due to its increasing competitiveness , new government programmes , rising demand for electricity and increased awareness of solar PV ’ s potential as countries seek to reduce pollution and CO2 emissions . Until 2014 , developed countries ( namely Germany , Italy and Japan ) dominated investment in solar . In 2015 , developing countries such as China , India , Chile , South Africa and a few others increased the level of deployment of both utility and small-scale investment in solar PV . Solar power ( both solar PV and thermal ) investment in 2016 in developed countries was USD 56.2 billion , compared to USD 57.5 billion in developing and emerging economies . # Status and relevance in Afghanistan As per IRENA , a cumulative capacity of 1MW has been installed in Afghanistan by 2016 . The largest one is 1MW solar PV off grid system , which is installed in Bamyan province , supported by New Zealand Government . Some other important installations are : a 250KW solar PV offgird system installed near the Kabul airport by the Japan Embassy , a 100kW solar PV offgrid system installed in Gardiz province , many roof-top solar PV systems through NSP in remote areas & villages and a number of standalone systems . Majority of these are installed through donor driven programmes . Solar PV systems have a significant role to play in overall development of electricity sector in Afghanistan on account of the following : • Majority of the population in remote areas doesn ’ t have access to electricity and offgrid solar PV systems are a viable option where population is dispersed and scattered over a wide area ; • Demand for electricity for irrigation is currently met through DG systems , which can be replaced by solar water pumping systems ; • Utility scale solar PV projects can