I . Linear Fresnel Reflector ( LFR ) system Linear Fresnel Reflector ( LFR ) systems use a series of ground-based , flat or slightly curved mirrors placed at different angles to concentrate the sunlight onto a fixed receiver located several meters above the mirror field . # II . Parabolic trough collector ( PTC ) Parabolic trough systems consist of parabolic mirrors that concentrate the sun ’ s rays on heat receivers ( i.e . steel tubes ) placed on the focal line . Receivers have a special coating to maximize energy absorption and minimize infrared re-irradiation and work in an evacuated glass envelope to avoid convection heat losses . The solar heat is removed by a heat transfer fluid ( e.g . synthetic oil , molten salt ) flowing in the receiver tube and transferred to a steam generator to produce the super-heated steam that runs the turbine . Mirrors and receivers ( i.e . the solar collectors ) track the sun ’ s path along a single axis ( usually East to West ) . Parabolic troughs are desirable for certain industrial and commercial needs to provide large amounts of hot water and/or for producing electricity by running steam turbines . # III . Parabolic dish system Parabolic dish systems consist of a parabolic dish shaped concentrator ( like a satellite dish ) that reflects sunlight into a receiver placed at the focal point of the dish . The receiver may be a Stirling engine ( i.e . kinematic and free-piston variants ) or a micro-turbine . Parabolic dish systems require two-axis sun tracking systems and offer very high concentration factors and operating temperatures . The main advantages of parabolic dish systems include high efficiency ( i.e . up to 30 % ) and modularity , which is suitable for distributed generation . # IV . Central receiver tower system A central receiver tower system consists of a large number of mirrors ( heliostats ) that track the sun individually over two axes and focuses on the central tower where the solar heat drives a thermodynamic cycle and generates electricity . The heat transfer medium used for most modern type solar towers includes water/steam , molten salts , liquid sodium , oil and even air . The sunlight from many mirror-like dish reflectors spread over a large area is focused to one central point achieving an extremely high temperature which is used to produce high pressure steam which is then used to generate electricity . In addition to renewable heat and power generation , concentrating solar technologies have other economically viable and sustainable applications , such as co-generation for domestic and industrial heat use , water desalination and enhanced oil recovery in mature and heavy oil fields . # Global status and outlook Solar thermal market is less established as compared to solar PV though its applications are vast and varied , particularly in developing countries ’ context . Total concentrating solar power installed capacity has reached