department RE which is one of their tasks to analyses , monitor and implementation of this policy . Secretariat of this Committee will be with RED In TERM 2 after analyzing TERM 1 implementation of this policy will be reviewed . 4.2 Given the importance of REN and the role it will play in the socio-economic development of Afghanistan , its development needs to be put on a “ fast-track ” mode . Renewable Energy Coordination committee which will be established under MEW and work under the Deputy Minister for Energy the mandate of the RECC is to coordinate with all relevant gov/non gov entities for the implementation of this policy . Renewable energy department is responsile for the RECC . The committee has technical working groups which the experts will be the mention entities they will work according to the specific plan that will be issued by the RECC . – 1.2 7:2- In second term according to the evaluation of first term for the implementation of the policy decision will be taken . 1.3 7:3- keeping in view the importance of the renewable energy social and economic development environmental protection in Afghanistan it is needed to 4.0 INSTITUTIONALARRANGEMENT FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF AREPPublic health , communication and technology , women affair , education , NEPA , Urban development , ANSA , Municipality of Kabul , private sector DABS , and nongovernmental organization among others . 1.5 7.5 - The RECC will be developed as coordination committee to coordinate and facilitate the commercialization and growth of REN sector during TERM 2 . 1.6 7.6 - The Renewable Energy Department ( RED ) of MEW will be the main technical body responsible for , but not limited to the following : a. Assessing REN potential and preparing detailed resource maps . b . Preparing provincial level REN master plans . c. Developing technical designs , benchmarks and performance standards . d. Providing technical assistance and oversight to MRRD , DABS and other GOs in designing and implementation of their REN projects on needs basis . e. Providing technical support to local industry and manufacturers on needs basis . f. Providing technology specific and other technical inputs to MOF for designing fiscal incentives , specifically for facilitating the investment from the private sector . g. Designing and implementing pilot and demonstration projects that support either new technology or innovative concepts such as the Public-Private-Peoplepartnership , women entrepreneur led REN projects , REN projects to support MDGs and Post-2015 Development Agenda , roof-top projects on government buildings . This will be done in coordination and collaboration with other agencies . h. Coordinating with donors and other funding organizations to ensure synergy of projects . I . Facilitating technical training , awareness generation and capacity building of stakeholders across GOs and NGOs . j . Be the nodal department in relation to all REN matters.decentralized governance and coordination structure will be set up wherein zonal level bodies known as Zonal Renewable Energy Centre (