funding from donors and are still not able to self –sustain , provision of subsidies is considered necessary and unavoidable . However the subsidies would be reviewed , rationalized and carefully targeted keeping in view affordability and cost effective delivery of reliable energy services . The upfront capital support in the form of subsidies will be provided to all REN projects in order to make them viable by either improving the returns on investment or by reducing the tariffs for commercial and domestic ( both urban and rural ) consumers . The amount and pattern of subsidy will vary depending upon the technology , location and the design of the project . For instance , stand- alone projects providing basic energy services to remote communities , projects supported by women , or benefiting women and children may receive the highest allocation of subsidies . Subsidies could be given in the form of Preferential Tariffs , Performance Linked Incentives or Viability Gap Funding . Other incentives given to the developers of REN projects will include : a ) Interest subsidies and soft loans ( low interest rates , moratorium/ grace period on repayment , favorable debt-equity ratio ) . b ) Customs duty and sales tax exemption for import/ sale of machinery equipment and spare parts meant for the initial installation or for balancing , modernizationmaintenancereplacementor expansion after commissioning of its commercial operation . d ) Land acquisition e ) Security during project implementation . f ) Other incentives and rebates that are considered necessary from time to time and on case-by-case basis . 5.3 Tariffs In accordance with the regulatory guidelines20 , procedures and processes , following methodology would be adopted for tariff setting for REN projects 1 . For grid-connected projects- Tariffs for grid connected projects will be set on the 'cost- plus ' basis . Afirm PPA will be signed between MEW , DABS and Private utility and the project developer mentioning the tariff , including the escalations . 2 . For project having distributed generation and local grid- for distributed generation projects supplying electricity to third party , tariffs will be decided on mutually negotiated basis between MEW/ utility , the project developer and the consumer . Guiding principle for tariff determination could be 'cost- plus basis ' . 'Avoided cost of generation ' would be the basis in those regions where conventional generation would probably be significantly more expensive than REN source generation , as fuels have to be transported . A firm PPA will be signed between the project developer and MEW/utility . Explain with example ( could be deleted ) 3 . For REN-diesel hybrid projects- Tariffs will be based on replacement cost of diesel and/or prevailing tariffs whichever is less . 4 . For off-grid stand-alone project- Tariffs will be on mutually negated basis with an oversight provided by the ZREC to ensure that vulnerable communities are not burdened with high and unaffordable tariffs for basic and essential electricity services . 5.4 Wheeling