employment and local trade . Expanding the domestic revenue base is a government priority , and it is anticipated that the extractive industries will create revenue streams for development financing . Communities will be identified based on food insecurity and poverty levels , and in discussions with provincial development councils and district coordination councils , with a phased approach linked to the UNDP regionalization strategy . ( b ) Improved access to energy and natural resources and enhanced environmental governance . UNDP will deepen its engagement in issues that directly address access to natural resources and their equitable management . Environmental governance at governmental and community levels , as an integral component of sustainable development , will be strengthened thorough policies , plans and legal instruments as new opportunities with the Global Environment Facility are identified . The promotion of off-grid , community-managed and owned , clean and renewable energy services will be a specific focus area . Initial pilot projects will target seven provinces for three years . Those provinces will be identified by the Ministry of Rural Rehabilitation and Development , the Ministry of Energy and Water , and UNDP , based on energy deficits , need , and potential for energy generation . Work will be scaled up after three years . Policy-level work in this sector will include the development of legal and regulatory instruments for rural energy at the village level , as well as improving the interface between the national and village-level energy structures . In the extractive industries sector , UNDP will work on an initiative with the World Bank , the National Environmental Protection Agency , the Ministry of Agriculture , Irrigation and Livestock , and the Ministry of Mines , to reduce the negative effects of mining on ecosystems and to ensure community involvement . ( c ) Resilience to natural disasters and enhanced adaptation to emerging climate change priorities . UNDP will assist in establishing national and communitybased early warning systems which , together with mainstreaming risk management into local development plans , will enhance the resilience of communities both to rapid-onset natural disasters and , more generally , to climate change in the medium to long term . National climate change policies , as well as five disaster-prone provinces , will be identified , in collaboration with the Afghanistan National Disaster Management Authority and the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , to strengthen the humanitarian-development nexus . The provinces will be selected based on their risk profile and their susceptibility to high climate change impact . Support will be scaled up to 10 provinces by the end of the programme period . Policy formulation work will include assistance on finalizing a climate change strategy and action plan with the National Environmental Protection Agency , while regional cooperation for disaster risk management will be pursued through the Istanbul Process . It is expected that , during the country programme cycle , most provinces and about 50