where the grid is accessible . o The private sector will be encouraged to work as service providers to manufacture equipment , and supply installation services and spare parts and also encouraged to work as energy service providers , and developers for rural renewable energy systems . ; o Renewable energy projects , wherever feasible , will be integrated alongside irrigation , education , health , drinking water , and small-scale industry initiatives . ; o Some of the wind and solar projects may require hybrid solutions to provide continuous energy supply . ; o Work will be initiated to prepare a renewable energy master plan through MEW and MRRD to identify potential and opportunities for rural areas . . ; o A testing centre shall be established under this Policy to test and certify renewable energy equipment and related accessories . ; o Public awareness activities will be conducted to the benefits and opportunities of renewable energy . ; # 5.1.1 Mini/Micro-Hydropower Plants Subsidies will be provided for the implementation of mini/micro-hydro plants up to 1 MW capacity through an appropriate delivery mechanism . Communities will be encouraged to provide a contribution in terms of cash and/or labour for implementation . Coordination with financial institutions will be undertaken to provide loans for such installations . Appropriate operation , maintenance and management systems would be enforced for the sustainability of the micro hydro plants . # 5.1.2 Wind Energy Wind data will be collected and analysed to establish the potential of wind energy systems , mainly for electricity generation and water pumping . Potential sites for exploiting wind energy coupled to livelihood opportunities will be identified . # 5.1.3 Solar Energy Solar powered applications through solar photovoltaic and solar thermal for lighting , irrigation , community water supplies , water and space heating , and fruit and vegetable drying , will be promoted . Appropriate subsidy models and delivery mechanisms will be prepared to promote solar energy in rural areas . # 5.1.4 Biomass o Biogas will be promoted to replace the use of fuel wood and animal wastes as sources of energy for cooking . ; o Emphasis will be given to research to increase efficiency , and to reduce the cost of household biogas production technology , including development and dissemination of community and institutional biogas plants . ; o The establishment of biogas-related information centres will be encouraged in coordination with local institutions . o Technology for the production of biomass gasification will be developed and disseminated through technology transfer . ; o Consumption of biomass will be reduced and efficiency of fuelwood stoves enhanced by expanding the use and local production of fuel-efficient stoves . ; # 5.1.5 Geothermal o Efforts will be undertaken to demonstrate the potential of geothermal energy as a pilot project in feasible area . ; o A database of geothermal sites will be developed . ; # 6 Policy Implementation Rural electrification through renewable energy sources will be implemented in a