in the country on renewable energy and proof of concept for some RE technologies that have not been tried at all or at the scale that the Roadmap suggests . ; • The thematic focus remains on identifying tried-and-tested technologies , together with the processes , in terms of policies and guidelines and initiating a few pilots to seed the markets . ; • Increase in installed capacities for technologies identified as highly applicable in Afghanistan in the current context ( as shown in Table 10 in chapter 3 ) . This includes solar PV , mini and micro hydro technologies , and wind power . ; • In terms of specific technology applications , the highest focus remains on utility scale power projects , whether installed as a power park or as IPPs . Other important contributions are from mini-grids ( solar as well as hydro ) and stand-alone solar PV . ; • New technologies to be piloted include waste to energy , roof-top solar , stand-alone solar for strategic applications such as telecom tower and pumping , solar thermal applications and domestic cooking using improved cookstoves and biogas . ; • This stage is supported by government and partner ( donor ) funds as the market is still premature and needs structural support . Details are discussed in chapter 6 on ‘ Costing and Financing of Roadmap ’ ; • The market creation stage represents demonstration of ‘ techno-commercial viability ’ and confidence building of private sector . ; • The focus shifts to setting up more projects in order to create the markets . In this stage , various business models are implemented and customized to achieve success in the Afghan context . ; • In addition to technologies that are initiated in SG1 and are now ( expectedly ) being implemented at a commercial scale , SG2 introduces new technologies such as CSP , Floatovoltaics , CPV , Biomass power generation , and geothermal energy particularly for heating applications . ; • SG2 is still supported by grants and government support , but their share is expected to reduce , from almost 80 % finance ( as in SG1 ) to around 40 % . This share is taken up by promoter ’ s equity , while the grant component could be redistributed as viability gap funding and other sources of low cost debt . ; • This stage represents market maturity and expansion , led by private initiative . ; • Stakeholders ( mainly private sector , represented both by local and global ) are fully familiar with the ground rules vis-à-vis RE markets in Afghanistan , and a number of enterprise models are operating to transform the sector to higher levels of growth . • Government inputs and support are strategic in nature , focusing on newer technologies , newer policies and newer initiatives . ; • In this stage , grants may still exist for a few sunrise applications , but overall