. Monitoring and evaluation counts as one of the important mechanisms . The framework for monitoring , evaluation and periodic review of AREP as well as for various REN projects will be put in place using international expertise in M & E and related fields . The assessment and reviews would be done internally as well as by third parties , including NGOs and experts . ASSEMBLY , REPAIR & MAINTENANCE # 10.0 Monitoring , Evaluation , and Knowledge Management During the course of development of REN sector , a wealth of knowledge is created that is relevant in improving the design and delivery of REN projects and program , scale-up strategies , mid-course modifications if required , as well as to set the foundation of accountability and responsibility . Several formal and informal mechanisms such as dialogues , networking , and workshops help in creating and managing this knowledge . Monitoring and evaluation counts as one of the important mechanisms . The framework for monitoring , evaluation and periodic review of AREP as well as for various REN projects will be put in place using international expertise in M & E and related fields . The assessment and reviews would be done internally as well as by third parties , including NGOs and experts . # 11.0 User Training and Awareness Creation Empowering the user and other stakeholders with information and knowledge on various aspects of REN including its benefits , characteristics , applications etc . will have a lasting impact on its acceptance and right usage . Sensitization and awareness generation program have proven to be effective in enhancing the uptake of RETs globally . RED of MEW will work closely with donor agencies , NGOs and other institutions to promote such program across the country . # 12.0 Involvement of Women and Supply and Demand Side of REN Projects Women are not only the beneficiaries of RETs , they have also played an important role in managing businesses and program to sell/ promote RETs across the world . The example of Solar Sister in Africa , Barefoot college and Lighting a Billion Lives in India are some of the success stories of women led REN enterprises . Apilot program on supporting women led REN enterprises would be launched to facilitate involvement of women in REN . In addition , they will also be trained for conducting sensitization and awareness generation program . # 13.0 Integrating Environment and Energy Efficiency with REN Renewable energy being an environmentally benign sector , its role in facilitating low carbon growth of a country 's economy in Nationally Appropriate Mitigation Actions ( NAMA ) needs to be recognized and acknowledged at all levels of decision making and planning for energy sector including its positive relationship with climate change issues . This will ensure the integration of REN into mainstream energy sector . Further , REN also needs to be integrated with energy efficiency ( EE ) at all levels of project cycle