for other countries in the region and Afghanistan can use regional platforms such as ECO and SAARC to share this knowledge . Besides , the valuable experience to be generated through implementing different types of RE projects for various applications would create a body of knowledge that can also be shared with other countries in the region . # 8.9 Potential to explore climate and sustainable development funds The development of RE sector as envisaged in the Roadmap , will be aligned to the global agenda of climate change and sustainable development . Afghanistan will thus be able to explore global resources and funds that are available for these sectors i.e . Green Climate Funds ( GCF ) , Global Environment Facility ( GEF ) , Scaling up Renewable Energy Programme ( SREP ) among others . Some of these funds are already made available to Afghanistan . However , their portfolio can be expanded to support the RE and related sectors . # 8.10 Membership of IRENA , ISA and other organisations Renewable Energy Roadmap is a strong endorsement of the GoIRA for supporting this sector . The introduction/ presence of an enabling ecosystem will further showcase the commitment at all levels to promote this sector . These actions will facilitate Afghanistan to become member of international organisation such as International Renewable Energy Agency ( IRENA ) and International Solar Alliance ( ISA ) . These memberships will further support the development of RE sector through tangible well as non-tangible instruments such as demonstration projects , feasibilities studies , mapping of resources , monitoring and evaluation studies , knowledge exchange etc . # 8.11 Advancement of SE4All and SDGs agenda Afghanistan , despite its internal challenges related to poverty , security etc. , will adopt the global agenda towards sustainable energy for all and sustainable development goals through the implementation of the Roadmap . This will catalyse a progressive thinking and approach to development , impacting not only the internal well-being but also propagating an enterprising image of Afghans .