to set up REN projects both for captive and for third party sale of electricity . In either case , the electricity so generated , will be wheeled and banked either through the utility company ( DABS ) grid or through a separately created localized grid . In case of latter , the localized grid must adhere to the national grid codes and safety standards , and should be designed in a grid-compatible mode so that their integration with the national grid is possible in future , if need arises . # 5.7 Land acquisition and leasing Government will facilitate the acquisition of land to project developers for setting up grid- connected and mini-grid REN projects and in some cases , procure and lease them out to the developers on long term basis . The procedure for land leasing will be on the basis of competition . The project developer will be required to get into a separate land lease agreement with the concerned authorities . # 5.8 Licensing of REN projects Licenses will be issued to the project developers as per the Electricity service law20 for generation , transmission and distribution of electricity from all REN projects above 100 kW capacity , as well as for their O & M . No licensing will be required for setting up or O & M for REN projects less then 100 kW capacity . However , for such projects , technical oversight will be provided by the ZREC to ensure safety and quality standards of equipment and services . These licensing guidelines will be applicable to all REN projects that are being implemented on behalf of any Ministry , utility , donor or any other entity . # 5.9 Renewable Purchase Obligations To set precedence and a good example , private utility ( DABS ) will be encouraged to accept Renewable Purchase Obligations during TERM 1 of AREP , which would be made mandatory to all industrial and commercial consumers of electricity in TERM 2 . # 5.10 Regulatory Department The appropriate regulatory department shall have exclusive jurisdiction on those provisions of this policy which are within its regulatory mandate , especially regarding notification of electricity tariffs for sale for power ; power purchase agreements ; wheeling , banking , distribution , and transmission loss charges ; facilities for transmission of REN electricity ; and sharing of purchase of power amongst transmission and distribution licensees . Compliance of guidelines , directives , regulations , rules etc . issued by the regulatory authority from time to time regarding these shall be binding on all . # 6.0 Financing Mechanisms for REN 6.1 In order to support the subsidy requirements and the incentives to the private sector , adequate funds would be required which will be created by poolingin government budgetary resources and donor funds . These funds will be ringfenced and managed through mechanism of “ basket funds ” which will provide the foundation block for setting up a dedicated REN financing