including by acknowledging the specific role of traditional governance systems such as Shuras and Jirgas in the Afghan context . UNDP is also planning to strengthen the capacities of elected provincial councils , district coordination councils and municipal boards . This will further the institutionalization of democratic processes as well as ensure equitable economic development and promotion of justice , the rule of law and women ’ s rights as core priorities of UNDP development interventions at the subnational level . ( b ) Institutional capacity for peace-building . Building on the Afghanistan Peace and Reintegration Programme and possible successor arrangements , UNDP will adopt a two-pronged approach to address the root causes of conflict : ( i ) At the national level , UNDP will work closely with UNAMA and the Ministry of Finance to support policy formulation , including through the use of such tools as the implementation of the New Deal agenda and the incorporation of peacebuilding and state building indicators into government planning processes ; and ( ii ) At the provincial and district levels , UNDP will promote community-centred solutions to conflict through mediation efforts by provincial councils , district coordination councils , as well as involving traditional Shuras and Jirgas , and will facilitate equitable local access and management of natural resources . With UNDP support , district coordination councils will be established by the Government in three provinces initially , and will then be progressively scaled up based on access and security conditions . As was highlighted in a risk analysis report prepared for UNDP in 2013 , the country office will develop typologies for cross-cutting and politically sensitive risks when addressing peacebuilding interventions . Risk management approaches would guide the scalability of these interventions . ( c ) Capacity development for better service delivery . UNDP will assist in improving technical capacities in key ministries and governance bodies at the central as well as the subnational level . Capacities for planning , budget execution , transparency and accountability are a priority . This will include anti-corruption initiatives . Key partners will include the Civil Service Commission , the World Bank and the United Nations country team , to ensure harmonization of efforts . At the subnational level , support provided to provincial governors ’ offices will be deepened through an area-based approach at the district level , in accordance with the UNDP regionalization strategy . This will include at least 50 per cent support provided through the national budget , a minimum of 80 per cent alignment to the national priority programmes , and collaboration with the ‘ capacity-building for results ’ initiative of the World Bank , which aims to enhance the service delivery capacities of key line agencies . UNDP , together with other donors , has been engaged in helping the Ministry of Finance to prepare the first public financial management roadmap and will provide support in the formulation of the second . The public financial management action plan