, optimization of electricity production and compensation for power losses from other sources . # Global status and outlook Globally , a total capacity of 1,096 GW hydropower has been installed by the end of 2016 . Countries such as China , Brazil , USA , Canada , Norway , India , and Russian federation accounted for 62 % of installed capacities at the end of 2016 . Other than increasing new capacities , there is always a demand for refurbishment of existing plants to improve the efficiency of output , as well as environmental performance in the face of new regulatory requirements . Innovations in hydropower technology include variable speed technology for new and refurbished pumped storage plants , which assist in further integration of variable renewable resources . # Status and relevance for Afghanistan In Afghanistan , micro hydropower plants ( MHPs ) are commissioned and working in different provinces . In 2014 , 7 MHP systems ranging from ( 200 kW to 500 kW ) were commissioned in Badakhshan province . These MHPs were later handed over to DABS and are currently run by DABS . Afghanistan , has many feasible sites for MHP plants . Local expertise is available for operation and maintenance of these systems in Afghanistan . MHP systems can play a crucial role in economic and social development in the remote areas in Afghanistan . As per ICE Energy Sector Report ( Q2 2016 ) , 42 MW Salma Hydro Power Plant ( HPP ) is in the final stage of completion by Indian government support and a 7.2 MW hydropower plant at Faizabad in KfW funding is under construction . Kajaki I HPP is expanding to a capacity of 18.5 MW with funding support from USAID and construction contract for Kajaki II HPP with 100 MW capacity has been signed with a private company . Construction of Surobi II HPP at Kabul with capacity of 180 MW and Baghdara HPP with capacity of 240 MW is under progress with support from private sector . # Micro Hydro Kinetic Turbine Tata Power in India has successfully commissioned and tested a 10-kW low-head micro-hydro turbine , installed in the tailrace of the 150 MW Bhira hydro power plant in Maharashtra . The micro turbine generator was indigenously manufactured in Mumbai by Casmir Group based on the patented technology licensed from the University of Southampton . The turbine utilizes the existing flow rate available to generate clean energy . The AC power generated by the turbine generator is a function of the following three factors combined : • Average water velocity in the range of 1.25 m/s to 4 m/s ( Increased power generation in faster flow ) ; • Minimum machine diameter of 2.1m requires 2.5m of water depth ( Increased power generation in sites with deeper waters using the longer blade variants available ) ; • Continuous flows : total power generated depends on number of hours of water flow available at a