D Transmission and Distribution TES Thermal Energy Storage ; TPL Torrent Power Limited ; TWh Terawatt-hours ; VAM Vapor Absorption Machine ; # THE ROADMAP The Renewable Energy Roadmap for Afghanistan is developed to realize the vision and intent of the Renewable Energy Policy ( RENP ) for Afghanistan that sets a target of deploying 4500 – 5000 MW of renewable energy ( RE ) capacity by 2032 and envisions a transition from donor grant-funded RE projects to a fully-private sector led industry by 2032 . Objectives and scope The objectives of the Roadmap are three-fold : 1 . To increase the supply of energy by domestic resources 2 . To augment energy services to population and load centres that are either not served or are poorly served 3 . To enhance energy access to remote rural population for their livelihood needs The scope of the Roadmap includes an estimation of technology specific achievable targets based on RE potential that has already been mapped and segregated region-wise . Technologies utilizing solar , wind , biomass , hydro and geothermal resources are considered for this purpose . The Roadmap comprises of prioritization of technologies and projects , designing appropriate business models for their implementation and identifying enablers for market development using a Stage-Gate analysis approach . The Roadmap also estimates costs for achieving the RE generation targets based on the international/ regional costs and experiences from implementing RE projects in Afghanistan . Further , it proposes applicable sources of funds for development of RE sector . An essential component of the Roadmap is the institutional arrangement for its implementation and enhancing the capacities of various stakeholders through training on knowledge products particularly the project selection and decision-making tool and system optimization models . # Methodological framework and presentation of Roadmap The framework and approach for RE Roadmap rests on four pillars- an assessment of RE resource potential and its deployment through various technologies and projects ; appropriate markets and business models for using these technologies ; enablers ( both policy and market related ) that are required to implement the appropriate business models ; and estimation of system costs in Afghanistan for financing of the Roadmap . # Technologies and systems 1 . The available RE resources in Afghanistan and their technical potential include solar , wind , hydro ( small , mini and micro ) , biomass ( including waste-to-energy ) and geothermal . These resources can be harnessed through a variety of technologies and systems addressing electrical and thermal energy needs . The systems are categorized as utility scale , mini-grids and off-grid/ stand- alone which also represent the RE market segments in Afghanistan . Some of these technologies and systems include MW scale solar PV ( both flat plate and concentrating ) ; roof-top and stand-alone PV systems ; concentrating solar thermal for power generation and for low grade process heat applications ; wind farms and stand-alone wind-electric generators ; small hydro power projects ; mini-grids and biogas