. Project developers are expected to undertake investments related to setting up and maintaining the projects over the tenure of their PPAs . Projects may be transferred to the government upon expiry of PPA . In addition , the following features may be relevant in the specific context of Afghanistan : • Specific policies for SPPs are required , to provide regulatory support to private sector/other stakeholders . These could be generic , or tailored to suit the needs of a specific SPP . ; • A corporate body is needed to act as the SPPD . This could be a subsidiary of a utility or any other PPP arrangement . This corporate body shall need to develop its own business plan , outlining revenues , costs and a plan to break even over the long run . ; • Larger scale solar projects need to be encouraged in view of their higher potential to bring down the cost of power generation . This is because capital costs per MW of developing solar PV projects reduce with an increase in project scale . ; • The land in SPP shall be leased to project developers . The tenure of such leases shall be equal to the duration of the PPA . ; • Power purchase is governed by the PPA between each project developer and the utility i.e . DABS . Feed-in tariffs may be used to pre-determine tariffs for SPPs . In addition , tariffs could be announced by the government in advance or determined as part of a bidding process . ; • Power is evacuated as must-take , purchased by the national transmission utility , DABS . Standards for metering and connectivity to grid shall follow the guidelines set out in Electricity Law and other relevant guidance documents . ; • PPA tenures may extend to 20 to 25 years , with suitable clauses governing tariff movements over time . ; • Projects shall have well-defined pathways after the expiry of the PPA . These pathways could include sale of asset to government , extension of PPA and others . ; In terms of the institutional engagement in SPPs , major responsibilities of different institutions are expected to pan out as follows : • Power sector regulatory body : The regulator shall define conditions for power evacuation ( must-run and must-take ) , long term access , PPA and others . ; • Ministry of Energy and Water : Policy direction for setting up of the SPPs . These shall be classified under separate notification for a “ SPP Scheme ” . ; • Special Purpose Vehicle : Govt . may set up a Special Purpose Vehicle ( SPV ) in the PPP mode ( similar to AISA ) for setting up and managing SPPs , like a Solar Power Park Developer ( SPPD ) . This agency shall be entrusted with the task of setting up and managing the SPPs , and shall execute the following