stock government company in the field of power which is iblthrough existed facilities , its transmission , dispatching , distribution and provision throughout the country . 1.8 The Renewable Energy Coordination Committee ( RECC ) with the support of the Inter-Ministerial Commission for Energy ( ICE ) and provincial energy working groups assigned the task of overall coordination between MEW and MRRD for activities and efforts pertaining to renewable energy projects development . 1.9 The renewable energy projects in Afghanistan have so far been supported extensively by the donor community . Some of the recent initiatives include 1 MW offgrid solar plant in Bamyan , and 2.2 MW of solar and MHP projects in Takhar and Badakhshan provinces . In addition , donors have also supported technical assistance and capacity building activities . The Technical and operational guidelines for MHP and photovoltaic power systems , and technical handbook for micro hydro design have been developed . An online renewable energy database of projects has been prepared , which up to date over 5000 REN projects consisting of MHP , wind and solar are completed and 500 are under construction . The total installed capacity of these completed and under construction projects is 57,500 kW . Another 100 projects are under planning stage3 . 1.10 The REN sector on account of its potential to support the growth of Afghanistan 's economy is continuing to attract donors . Some of the likely initiatives area ) Development of a renewable energy roadmap for the country ; b ) ARapid Assessment / Gap Analysis , with major components focused on renewable energy and energy efficiency as part of SE4All initiative ; and c ) A market assessment survey for renewable energy projects , which will include elements of understanding Willingness to pay ( WTP ) , market size and potential by the creation of an industry association . 1.12 While the donor support for REN is important , there is a scope for improved coordination and synergies among various donors to support this sector which eventually has to be self- sustaining . From the current donor-supported status , the growth trajectory of REN sector has to follow the path of Public-Private-Partnership ( PPP ) driven in the interim , to private sector led fully commercial in the long term . The involvement of private sector through the newly created industry association with the donors in PPP mode could be a beginning of this growth trajectory . 1.13 Against this backdrop , the Afghanistan National Renewable Energy Policy ( AREP ) aims to provide a thrust and direction to the REN sector to follow the above growth trajectory . The AREPis aligned to the PSMPand the ANDS on one hand to set a framework for deployment and growth of REN ; it connects with the RREP on the other to ensure seamless adoption and implementation of the policy guidelines in rural energy sector . It proposes to optimize the impacts of integrating renewable energy based