several causes of conflict and fragility . They include patronage-based politics , political exclusion , economic insecurity , ineffective governance , a weak state justice system , and unequal distribution of scarce livelihood resources . 5 . Governance deficits are both a cause and a consequence of fragility . Accountable governance at all levels must be promoted to address exclusion in Afghanistan . The role of Parliament and subnational governance institutions must be consolidated , and a strong link between state institutions , civil society and the private sector forged , to strengthen peacebuilding . Governance institutions need time to mature to enable state services to reach all citizens . Due primarily to concerns about capacity and corruption , significant international assistance bypasses government systems . This has led to the creation of parallel structures and , notably , a ‘ parallel civil service ’ . To assist in strengthening the primary civil service , UNDP will ensure that its capacity development efforts do not lead to capacity substitution . It has already aligned its support with the national technical assistance policy . UNDP has been an active player in accountable governance since 2002 . Having supported , effectively , all presidential and parliamentary elections , increased the capacity of parliament and strengthened subnational governance at the provincial and district levels , UNDP will deepen its engagement in participatory approaches and will work closely with national partners , including the Afghanistan Independent Human Rights Commission . 6 . Access to justice and the rule of law emerges as an area where Afghan men and women have high expectations . The police , numbering close to 150,000 men and women , will gradually transition from their paramilitary role to a more civilian one aimed at promoting the safety and security of all citizens . In light of lessons from the Justice and Human Rights in Afghanistan project , this must be achieved in a framework of stronger governance of the justice sector and the police in order to strengthen the entire justice chain and address corruption , taking into account the unique nature of Afghanistan with its plural legal traditions . A survey conducted by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime and the High Office of Oversight and Anti-corruption in 2012 found that 73 per cent of Afghan people consider the court system to be the most corrupt state institution . Afghanistan needs significant support to meet human rights standards and the legal obligations as enshrined in its Constitution . The largest UNDP programme in the world , the Law and Order Trust Fund for Afghanistan , involves supporting the police , through payroll and the Ministry of Interior , in making the transition from a paramilitary force to a civilian police service . This , together with support to the Ministry of Justice and access to justice initiatives , especially for women , will constitute an integrated approach to justice sector reform and development . The Law and