ASSEMBLY , REPAIR & MAINTENANCE 10.0 MONITORING , EVALUATION , AND KNOWLEDGE MANAGEMENTEmpowering the user and other stakeholders with information and knowledge on various aspects of REN including its benefits , characteristics , applications etc . will have a lasting impact on its acceptance and right usage . Sensitization and awareness generation program have proven to be effective in enhancing the uptake of RETs globally . RED of MEW will work closely with donor agencies , NGOs and other institutions to promote such program across the country . Women are not only the beneficiaries of RETs , they have also played an important role in managing businesses and program to sell/ promote RETs across the world . The example of Solar Sister in Africa , Barefoot college and Lighting a Billion Lives in India are some of the success stories of women led REN enterprises . Apilot program on supporting women led REN enterprises would be launched to facilitate involvement of women in REN . In addition , they will also be trained for conducting sensitization and awareness generation program . Renewable energy being an environmentally benign sector , its role in facilitating low carbon growth of a country 's economy in Nationally Appropriate Mitigation Actions ( NAMA ) needs to be recognized and acknowledged at all levels of decision making and planning for energy sector including its positive relationship with climate change issues . This will ensure the integration of REN into mainstream energy sector . Further , REN also needs to be integrated with energy efficiency ( EE ) at all levels of project cycle ( i.e . project conceptualization , designing , and implementation ) to maximize its benefits . In order to promote this integration , it would be necessary to encourage adoption of EE practices and measures in REN projects . Some of these practices would be labeling of appliances on EE benchmarks , energy audits of buildings/ establishments and adoption of EE practices prior to installing RETsrating 12.0 INVOLVEMENT OF WOMEN ON SUPPLY AND DEMAND SIDE OF REN PROJECTS 13.0 INTEGRATING ENVIRONMENT AND ENERGY EFFICIENCY WITH RENAvoided Cost is essentially the marginal cost for a public utility to produce one more unit of power . It consists of two components : avoided energy costs and avoided capacity costs . When a REN project delivers electricity to a utility , the utility will reduce the equivalent amount of electricity generated at its most expensive operating plant . The costs avoided consist of the cost of fuel needed to produce that electricity and the corresponding portion of the plant 's operation and maintenance costs . Together these costs comprise the “ energy ” component of the utility 's avoided cost . The second component of capacity means that the electricity supplied by a REN project also contributes to a utility 's system reliability . As demand grows in the utility 's service area , the reserve margin decreases and at some point the utility will need