be able to access conventional sources of project insurance ; and should an Afghanistan risk premium persist , re-insurance sponsored by multilateral agencies can reduce this premium . Climate funding ( if available ) is past the pilot , scale-up and market creation mechanisms and takes the form of active trading of carbon credits . The framework as applied to the three roadmap market types ( utility scale , mini-grid and stand-alone ) is presented below , along with an assessment of the current maturity of technologies in each of these markets . # 6.7.1 Financing framework applie to the Utility Scale market segment “ Utility Scale ” systems are typically characterized by larger projects that feed to the grid and sell bulk power , typically on a per unit ( KWh ) basis . During the market seeding stage , private sector developers face the risk of unknown natural resource potential at the site ( which in turn can affect generation and revenue ) as well as technical risks including the ability to connect and inject power into the grid . At this stage , grant funding is useful to help locate suitable sites with natural resource potential and required infrastructure , and fund resource assessments , as well as for studies that demonstrate that generated power can be evacuated by the grid . To establish a track record of successful operation in areas of perceived increased risk , initial projects in the country are likely to be grant funded . Since the electricity sale is usually to the utility , capacity building and technical assistance to train utility personnel in effectively managing the introduction of private sector power into the grid may also be useful . As mentioned , in some cases ( such as geothermal development ) , private sector participants may be willing to fund resource assessments as part of an integrated strategy that leads to development if they are compensated in the event of the resource not being sufficient for commercial development . During the market creation stage , initial technical viability has been established and the focus is on sustaining operations and revenue . In many instances , the cost of generating power is higher than that of other sources of grid supply ( such as imported power from Central Asia ) and the regulated prevailing user tariff . Public monies will then be required to fill this ‘ viability gap ’ between the unit cost of generating renewable energy for the developer and a per-unit revenue ( tariff ) realized by the utility . To reduce the overhead costs of development and limit the developers ’ risk to the extent possible to technical generation of power , public monies are also useful to develop ‘ Renewable Energy Parks ’ wherein suitable site selection , ancillary infrastructure and security are arranged for by the government . Technical assistance to the government to effectively manage private sector participants ( such as the structuring of contracts