while direct heat consumption has grown by 3.5 % . The geothermal industry continues to face significant project development risk ; various efforts are under way to ameliorate such risks . # Status and relevance in Afghanistan Geothermal energy is a highly valuable , clean and reliable heat and power source in Afghanistan , which is still untapped . Historically , geothermal energy in Afghanistan has been only used for medical bathing . Further geological , geochemical , and geophysical studies are required to characterize the reservoirs of numerous geothermal prospects in Afghanistan for electricity generation and other applications . # 2.3.7 Other related technologies In addition to the above RE technologies , there are other related technologies which are significant for RE development in Afghanistan . # Air source heat pump An air source heat pump ( ASHP ) is a system which uses energy to draw heat from outside to inside a building , or vice versa . This heat can then be used to heat radiators , underfloor heating systems and hot water circuit . Air source heat pump can absorb heat from the air even when the temperature is as low as -15° C. The energy that is produced by the air source heat pump is considered as a renewable because the air is heated by sun which then heats the house , even though the pump itself is powered by electricity . Air source heat pumps are an attractive alternative to conventional domestic heating systems such as LPG boilers . The air source heat pump is promising solution for building segments with limited roof area availability . A heat pump system consists of a compressor and two coils made of copper tubing . In heating mode , the refrigerant in the outside coils extracts heat from the air and evaporates into vapor form . The indoor coils release heat from the refrigerant while it condenses into a liquid . A reversing valve changes the direction of the refrigerant flow for cooling in summer . There are two main types of air source heat pump systems : Air to Water and Air to Air . Airto-Air systems typically use fans to circulate warm air around the home and can not be used to heat water . The performance of air source heat pumps is measured by the coefficient of performance ( COP ) . A COP of 3 means the heat pump generates 3 units of heat energy for every 1 unit of electricity it consumes . Globally the market for heat pumps is assessed at 58.3 million units ( 2013 ) and predicted to increase at a CAGR of 10.6 % for 2014-2020 . Air source heat pumps have become widely available commercially only in the past few years . The efficiency of heat pumps is expected to improve by 2030 by 30-50 % for heating and 20-40 % for cooling . Cost reductions are also expected due to technology improvements , market penetration and