project-based hubs into UNDP regional sub-offices . This will be complemented by partnership and communication strategies and a risk management strategy — which are being developed — that will propose an outreach model at the regional and provincial levels , in addition to approaches for scaling up interventions . The UNDP regional hubs will be co-located with other United Nations organizations , where possible , to guide area-based programming and synergies among outcomes . Eight hubs have been established ( Balkh , Bamyan , Helmand , Herat , Kandahar , Kunduz , Nangarhar and Paktia ) . Greater proximity to communities will enable UNDP to better assess needs , improve targeting of interventions , collect better-quality data , and facilitate the monitoring of activities . Regionalization will improve programme synergies and increase operational efficiency thanks to clustering and common premises and services . It will also strengthen coordination with other United Nations organizations . While this regionalization strategy presents certain risks related to security , access , oversight capacity and financial sustainability , the sub-offices , by improving interactions with local partners , collecting better local knowledge and data , and conducting provincial conflict analysis , will allow programmes to be scaled up and expanded through scenario planning when security conditions and infrastructure become more favourable . 17 . UNDP will increasingly focus on ‘ upstream ’ policy-level engagement , gradually moving away from service delivery functions that may substitute for government capacity . Bilateral partners will be involved in providing inputs to the strategic direction of UNDP at the outcome level , in the light of existing donor programmes in those areas — as well as with respect to management results , including regionalization and risk management . This will be done through use of such forums as a strategic high-level meeting every two months , chaired by the Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General/Resident Representative , and , at a more technical level , through the Donor Advisory Group and engagement in donor coordination groups such as the rule of law and justice donor group . Mechanisms such as joint provincial visits and sharing of data from sub-offices would be additional means of cooperation . Recognizing the importance of regional cooperation for Afghanistan , UNDP will increasingly rely on arrangements for South-South and triangular cooperation , both at the project level and in multilateral policy-level frameworks . Engagement in the Istanbul Process will be increased , and support will be provided to national institutions to implement two ‘ confidencebuilding measures ’ related to ( a ) trade , commerce and investment opportunities , and ( b ) disaster management . 18 . As the assessment of development results notes , UNDP must increase its ties with civil society , both as a means of delivering its programmes and to enhance accountability , counter corruption , and promote gender equality . Supporting claimholders at the local level , UNDP will assist in empowering communities through awareness-raising and capacity development