given appropriate investment , is significant , with access to energy as a contributory element . The 2012 Asia Foundation Survey of the Afghan People found that 14 per cent of respondents identified lack of electricity as a major problem in their local area . Thus , the Afghan Government needs to initiate a sustained , long-term expansion of rural energy , as identified in the Afghanistan National Development Strategy ( ANDS ) , which emphasizes that the overall policy focus for rural areas should be the expansion of rural energy and electricity services . Afghanistan intends to pursue this objective by harnessing power from renewable resources – an indigenous , clean , and abundant resource whose considerable potential the country has yet to exploit . It needs to do so with the full participation and collaboration of government agencies , the international donor community , non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) , the private sector and , not least , the beneficiary communities themselves . This policy is limited for the promotion of renewable energy technologies through utilization of available local resources in the rural area and off-grid locations . The policy will serve to provide enabling environment for various stakeholders , donors and encourage private sector investment for the development of rural energy technology in systematic and organized manner . This policy will be a component of National Energy Policy of Afghanistan to be developed by MEW . # 1.1 Rationale While Afghanistan is a late starter in providing access to clean energy to its rural population , it embarks on the journey with considerable advantages . First , there is now a prodigious body of experience to guide policymakers in identifying and emulating successes and avoiding the numerous failures of the past . While the country presents unique opportunities and challenges , there is relevant experience in similar terrains , political , environmental and social contexts to enable the creation of a suite of policy measures more likely to lead to successful outcomes . Renewable energy is expected to provide increased energy security , energy independence , diversity of supplies , and impetus to local industries , job creation , social cohesion , rural development and environmental benefits . # 2 Policy Objectives The strategic objective of the Renewable Rural Energy Policy ( RREP ) is to create better social , economic and environmental conditions for the citizens of Afghanistan in rural locations . Its immediate objectives are to provide an appropriate policy oversight and management mechanism able to ensure that a sufficient level of efficient clean energy is made available to all rural consumers . In doing so , the RREP will aim to achieve the following : • To service the energy requirements of livelihood activities that facilitates diversification of rural employment opportunities and an improvement in rural incomes . It is recognised that the deployment of renewable energy can supplement national energy supply options to expedite economic empowerment , improve productivity , and enhance income