reduction of economic growth , and , currently , an acute cash crisis . Based on an analysis of development needs and guided by national development policies , as reflected in the United Nations Development Assistance Framework , the Tokyo Mutual Accountability Framework , the national priority programmes and the emerging ‘ New Deal ’ agenda , as well as the lessons learned reflected in the assessment of development results and the United Nations common country assessment , the United Nations family and partners have agreed to five outcomes to address fragility in its many dimensions and the root causes of conflict : ( a ) equitable economic development ; ( b ) social services ; ( c ) social equity and investment in human capital , ( d ) justice and the rule of law ; and ( e ) accountable governance . Responding to the Kabul Conference request for a unified United Nations system , the United Nations country team has committed to increasing the effectiveness of the system . Furthermore , UNDP is supporting the implementation of the New Deal for Engagement in Fragile States principle s with the Ministry of Finance . The five New Deal peacebuilding and state building goals , leading to conflict transformation , will act as a foundation for progress towards the national priority programmes and will guide the Government towards inclusive , country-led and country-owned strategies . As part of the New Deal , and in line with the Monterrey , Rome , Paris , Accra and Busan aid effectiveness principles , UNDP is engaging in better aid management to gradually align development financing with national priorities , donor initiatives , country systems and accountability systems such as the Development Assistance Database , and is ensuring harmonized , sectorwide approaches to the allocation of resources . 4 . The outcome areas of the United Nations Development Assistance Framework suggest that interventions are most effective when the responsibilities of duty - bearers and the rights of claim-holders are addressed . For peacebuilding to succeed , moreover , development solutions must tackle the root causes of conflict and exclusion . UNDP will follow an issues-based approach addressing some of the key links and the nexus between conflict and better governance , and between poverty and community resilience . As the assessment of development results highlights , UNDP work across a range of governance and rule of law issues at the national and subnational levels is seen as particularly valuable , and of clear comparative advantage in Afghanistan . Yet UNDP achieved only limited results in increased opportunities for income generation , pointing to a need to intensify its work in the area of sustainable livelihoods for poverty reduction and , where possible , regional and triangular cooperation . A conflict development analysis conducted by UNDP in 2013 — which helped identify root causes of conflict in Afghanistan — underscores the need to work towards poverty reduction and accountable governance . The assessment identified