consist of only ‘ core ’ costs ( not including distribution , O & M , capacity building , etc. ) . Nevertheless , 93 applying these broad benchmarks suggests that the overall capital costs to achieve the roadmap targets in Stage- Gate I will be around 500 million USD . # 6.4 Financing of Roadmap The sections above on costing outlined a framework to estimate the range of costs for deploying RE technology/market combinations as per the Roadmap targets . This section outlines a framework to judge and put in place financing instruments appropriate to the market type ( e.g . utility scale , mini-grid ) and stage of expansion , but is not technologyspecific . It should also be noted that these financing mechanisms are only one aspect of a robust private sector . This chapter does not discuss financing modalities for the broader infrastructure for the energy sector that must be built ( such as transmission infrastructure ) , nor does it discuss financing of improved logistics , security , etc . # 6.5 Framework for financing The framework for suitable financing actions is aligned with the broader Roadmap framework that approaches RE development in terms of technologies , markets and stages . At each of these stages ( market seeding , market creation , market expansion ) , the market tends to be dominated by particular project types ( e.g . resource assessments and pilot projects tend to occur during the market seeding stage ) . These activities , particularly when attempted by the private sector , face risks and barriers . Each of these barriers is targeted by financial mechanisms , which are organized into grants / subsidies and risk mitigation mechanisms . Funding for these mechanisms is the form of instruments ( e.g . grants through the newly-announced Citizens ’ Charter Program ) . This approach is outlined below : # 6.6 Funding instruments and mechanisms In this analysis , climate fund instruments are called out separately due to their particular applicability to renewable energy . Risks and barriers to RE development have been previously discussed in the policy framework for RE development ( the RENP ) and are unique to a particular market and stage of development , and a brief definition of the types of financial mechanisms46 is provided below : # Subsidy/Grant : These are monetary benefits given to private sector participants and consumers so as to reduce the financial impact of commissioning and maintaining RE projects . The purpose of these mechanisms is to recognize and address commercial issues that can make a RE project unviable if the only funding available was from the private sector . These can include generation-based capital subsidies ( where grants are provided to project developers for commissioning plants ) , ongoing Power Purchase Agreement ( PPA ) or Feed-in-Tariff subsidies ( where monies are provided based upon ongoing generation ) or concessional finance ( where monies are used to provide a cheaper source of