# 4 BUSINESS MODELS FOR RE PROJECTS IN AFGHANISTAN The renewable energy market in Afghanistan is still in its nascent stages . As a result , structured business models , which characterize mature markets , are not yet in place . The market landscape is dominated by government programmes , supported by bilateral or multilateral development partners . The private sector acts as turnkey or installation contractors , with little or no financial liabilities in the project . However , the introduction of RENP and feed-in tariffs for connecting such projects to the grid has given a fillip to the sector . As a result , there is a push for structured and standardized business models , aimed at engaging key stakeholders ( private sector , government and communities ) to exploit win-win possibilities in the market . This chapter seeks to present business models relevant to Afghanistan , which are in sync with the national context . These could be introduced so as to guide and steer renewable energy development in a structured manner . Importantly , implementation of the business models shall serve to engage the private sector , thereby infusing private capital in the market . As discussed in the subsequent chapters , development of the RE sector shall take place in stages . Each stage is the outcome of policy directions issued by government , and the resultant response from the private sector and other stakeholders . As the Stage-Gate model later explains in next chapter , the expansion of the RE sector and its components follows the 3 stages of market seeding , market creation and market transformation . This chapter also attempts to demonstrate how , and to what extent , the implementation of business models helps in transformation of the markets in each stage . # 4.1 From markets to business models The renewable energy market in Afghanistan is segregated into three categories ( i.e . utility scale , mini-grids , and stand-alone ) each addressing a specific objective of the Roadmap as presented below : # Large , utility scale The large-scale project landscape is dominated by state run power generation units and independent power producers . The business model for large power producers is based on considerations of assured and long-term power off-take . Financing is also a key requirement given the capital-intensive nature of power plants . In addition , producers need proper infrastructure to set up their MW scale power plants . Thus , the power purchase agreement ( PPA ) assumes primary importance for large scale , MW scale power plants . # Small and medium , micro-utility or mini-grid application In this segment , the operator manages a self-contained grid ( resembling a micro utility ) , it has to manage loads and ensure that outages are minimized to improve the viability of the project . Load development and management is a key feature of business models in this segment . The business model requires the entrepreneur