project will seed this market for Afghanistan ; 6 RE atlas A national-level initiative that could build upon the RE database and provide both a national strategic overview of RE deployment and link to project-level monitoring ; thus , providing insights on new development opportunities and overall RE roadmap progress . ; 7 Pilot scale Geothermal In line with the 55 MW Roadmap target , and recognizing the need for impetus in this sector , geothermal resource assessment linked where viable to pilot geothermal projects ( either direct heat or electricity ) to catalyze activity ; 8 Pilot scale REEEP project Although not directly identified in Roadmap , this pilot scale project to integrate RE with energy efficiency measures in the commercial and industrial sector shall improve the viability and acceptance of RETs ; 9 Daikundi Mini-grid Mini-grids being strategically important for Afghanistan , this project will help in standardizing mini-grid designs and business models ; 10 Hisar-e-Shahi industrial park solar project Strategically important project for industrial development that forms the backbone of Afghan economy ; # 7.4 People The intent of the RE sector development in Afghanistan is its people who need energy for their well-being , livelihoods and development . The implementation of the Roadmap will also be shouldered by people who will perform technical , managerial , financial , administrative and other functions . The Roadmap therefore needs to be inclusive of people ’ s expectations and involvement for whom it will be implemented ; while at the same time be owned by people who will implement it . Awareness and skilling are two important people centric attributes that the Roadmap will focus on for it implementation effectively . A national level initiative to raise the awareness levels of multi-stakeholders at multiple-levels will support the development of the RE sector , while short-term and long-term skill enhancement initiatives will make it impactful . Vocational training programs focusing on RE system design , installation and maintenance along with university level programmes targeting energy sector planners and managers will be required to both ensure sufficient local capacity exists to develop and maintain RE infrastructure while capitalizing on RE as an opportunity for employment generation . As illustrated below , detailing of the implementation plan along with its monitoring and verification plan , are the next logical steps to move towards realizing the set objectives of the RE development in Afghanistan . The expected impacts , upon the successful implementation of the Roadmap are elaborated in the next and the final chapter . # 8 IMPACTS OF THE ROADMAP The Roadmap facilitates the transformation of RE sector in Afghanistan from a ‘ current project ’ centric thinking and approach to a programmatic or an ecosystem approach that encompasses technologies , markets , institutions , finances and other enablers . These ecosystem elements synergise to achieve the objectives of the Roadmap which are energy security , energy access and socio-economic growth as listed in chapter 1 of this document . Moreover