of consumers such as industrial parks and municipalities , with DABS as generator and an independent qualified entity as the DF . Examples of DF could be the industrial park union , association of residents of a housing society , or any private agency interested in purchasing power from DABS ( generator ) and distributing it within the mandated zone ( park , housing society etc. ) . # Charanka Solar Park in Gujarat , India The experience of neighbouring India on solar power parks has been noteworthy . Under the aegis of the Solar Energy Corporation of India ( SECI ) , as many as 33 SPPs , with a cumulative capacity of 19,900 MW are either operational or under implementation . SECI has identified nodal agencies in prominent Indian states where solar power parks are planned . These nodal agencies form joint ventures with SECI and act as the SPPD The Charanka Solar Park with an installed capacity of 590 MW was set up in the Indian state of Gujarat , by the Gujarat Power Corporation Limited . The park , located in Patan district , is spread over 5,384 acres of unused land . By the end of 2016 , Charanka solar park has installed capacity of nearly 350 MW ( March 2016 ) . Among the first solar PV parks to be installed in India , Charanka has been developed as part of Gujarat solar parks . Policy support for solar power parks in India was derived from the Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission ( JNNSM ) , which laid down the broad objectives and guidelines . Subsequently , the Solar Energy Corporation of India ( SECI ) was set up by the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy ( Ministry of New and Renewable Energy ) , Government of India . States interested in developing solar parks has to set up a Special Purpose Vehicle , generically called a Solar Power Park Developer ( SPPD ) , who could form a joint venture with SECI , or choose to remain an independent agency . As a third option , the individual state could give responsibility to SECI to become the agency within the state . The choice of technology and identification of entrepreneurs within a solar park may be kept open and subjected to a bidding process . The SPPD is responsible for setting up the solar park with the required infrastructure . For Charanka , the Gujarat Power Corporation Limited acted as the SPPD . With its overall mandate for power development , and considering favorable wind speeds in Charanka , few wind turbines were also commissioned to generate additional power . The distribution franchisee can operate in several ways . It can use a basic model for operation and maintenance services against a commission or a fee , where the DF is responsible for billing , maintenance and collection activities . It can also have an advanced model where the DF invests in