the utility such as DABS is vital to secure revenues for the seller . The institutional framework for roof-top solar is a mix between standalone captive systems and a grid-tied solar PV system . Like grid-tied systems , feed-in tariffs play an important role . At the same time , the model is based on a single consumer , similar to standalone systems . Afghanistan in currently establishing its net metering policy , which will catalyse the roof-top market . Figure below presents the model . Globally , the European Union and especially Germany has been a proven leader in roof-top solar power development . In terms of regional success stories , roof-top solar PV schemes are popular in India and Sri Lanka within the South Asian region . In Sri Lanka , the net metering policy is open to all generators of renewable energy ( hydropower , solar etc . ) with a cap of 1,000 kW per user . The excess power sold to the grid is valued at the PPA and credited to the user in terms of energy credits , with the user to have flexibility on when user chooses to monetise them . In addition , countries where roof-top solar PV are present have introduced prior regulation to facilitate setting up of these systems . # The German Roof-top success story With a total generation of 36.6 terawatt-hours ( TWh ; equivalent to 36,600 GWh ) from solar PV in 2015 , and a total installed capacity of 29.6 GW ( 29,600 MW ) exclusively through solar PV roof-tops , Germany has over 7 % of its total electricity demand being fed by solar systems . Germany ’ s solar roof-top installations are characterized by less than 10 kW units , mounted on the roof of a house . Beginning from a stage of negligible solar PV capacity in the 1990s , the country has targeted 45,000 GWh by 2020 . Importantly , the approach puts importance on roof-top as a key enabler . Today , the roof-top segment contributes almost 75 % of Germany ’ s PV capacity . Germany ’ s EnergieWiende claims that investments in solar PV have helped the economy phase out nuclear power plants . Behind this significant success lies the Renewable Energy Guarantee Act that guarantees priority grid access to all electricity generated by renewables . In addition , policies significantly incentivize owners to mount solar roof-top systems , through Feed-in-Tariffs ( FiT ) . While in the initial years the FiT was high so as to encourage homeowners to mount solar PV in their roof-tops , more recently ( 2014 ) the policy is tweaked to ensure auctioning of tariffs , which presents a more competitive picture . As per German EnergieWiende , the opening up of the solar PV market also had significant co-benefits . These were in terms of employment generation , greening of the energy sector , combating climate change impacts in Germany and Europe