evaluated to determine the most appropriate RE system configuration . A complete solution depends not only on the technical and financial parameters , which are quantitative in nature , but also on qualitative socio-economic parameters . The first indicator at this stage is the concentration of population to be served by the RE system . This gives an idea about the presence of load demand in the area . For instance , stand-alone systems work well in locations with scattered population and dispersed demand . The second indicator is the existing load type that defines the prevalent electricity consumer category- industrial , residential or rural , and government ; and any application-specific demand . Presence of other energy supplying sources such as diesel plants allows opting for RE-diesel hybrid mini-grid market . 46 # Level 3 : The final level aids in realizing ease of implementation of the identified system configuration at levels 1 and 2 . These are used to micro-site the project and evaluate the social acceptability and financial viability of the utility-scale , mini-grid or stand-alone RE project . Ultimately , these parameters enable the project developers and the users in developing a mutually agreed upon business model , thus suggesting project design for the project pipeline . # 3.4 Description of parameters # Applying 3-level process for developing project pipeline # 1 . Level 1 a . Check for RE resource potential from the RE resource maps . b . Check for grid availability and grid extension plan . If “ Yes ” then utility scale projects can come up . If “ No ” , then mini-grid or stand-alone projects can come up . c. Then check for land availability , road connectivity , and security if “ utility-scale ” is the outcome above . If all are “ Yes ” , then conclude at utility-scale projects and move to Stage 3 . # 2 . Level 2 a . Check for population concentration and load type . If the answer for population is “ concentrated ” and the load type is “ residential , industrial , and government ” , then RE mini-grid projects are possible . Also , check for other operational electricity sources available in a particular region . If “ Yes ” , then RE- hybrid minigrid projects are possible . b . If population is “ scattered ” and load type is “ residential ” then stand-alone systems are possible . Check for application specific demand such as for irrigation pumps , and others , then stand-alone RE pumps are suggested . # 3 . Level 3 a . For “ Utility-scale ” , enabling steps such micro-siting , grid-stability , actual land availability , etc . are taken up . b . For “ Mini-grid ” , load distribution pattern , site topography etc . are to be studied . c. For “ stand-alone projects ” check for presence of NGO ’ s , MFI ’ s and CDC