as the installed capacity for utility scale PV has increased ( market expansion ) in India : Global PV utility scale costs and wind power costs are expected to halve over the next decade . Biomass and hydropower , as mature technologies , are not expected to fall too much in prices . However , based upon current technological trends and research , prices for the core mini-grid system are predicted to drop by over 50 % in the next twenty years . New tenders ( particularly in the Middle East ) also reveal such low prices . While it remains to be seen if projects bid at these rates will be financially viable ( and it should be noted that complex financing and PPA structures can make this published cost difficult to compare ) , these projects do point to the potential for cost savings given a mature market . # 6.2 RE costs in Afghanistan To establish the cost baseline in the absence of an established market in Afghanistan , costs for reference systems were procured from local RE organizations . In the case of solar PV , the AREU was asked to provide quotations for systems in each of the proposed markets ( 1 MW with no storage ( utility scale market ) , 100 kW with some storage ( mini-grid market ) , and 10 kW stand alone with battery backup ( large household system market ) . The graph below shows unit costs ( USD/ Watt ) for solar PV systems of different configurations , as provided by the AREU . Solar panel costs were broken out separately , while other costs were grouped within the categories of other equipment , other costs , and government costs for sake of comparison as shown below . It should also be noted that land costs and security costs are not included as these are highly variable and site specific . Other equipment : Inverters , batteries , PV panel stands , battery racks , grounding , cabling , safety ropes , nuts , and bolts and other miscellaneous minor equipment required for plant construction ; Other costs : Equipment transport to site , management and administration charges , site labour charges , site design and civil works and other miscellaneous design and site preparation costs . ; Government costs : Taxes and permitting fees ; It appears that economies of scale are present in panel costs ( as evidenced by lower panel unit costs as system sizes increase ) . However , quotations received indicate that the greater system complexity including additional charge controllers required for a mini-grid as compared to a home system negate these economies of scale when overall costs are considered . In contrast , the lack of storage ( battery costs are approximately 40 % of the equipment cost for home systems and 30 % for mini-grids ) and simpler configurations required for a utility scale system result in overall unit costs below