incubators to facilitate rural enterprise development . u . Support programme for local RE industry : since local industry is expected to provide the back-bone of RE sector in Afghanistan , it is important to design and implement a support programme for local manufacturers , system assemblers and others by way of enhancing their capacities , providing networking opportunities with international industry , access to technology and technical know-how , financial incentives , mentoring and incubation , involvement through regular consultations for policies and overall RE sector ’ s improvement etc . v. Private – Public – Partnerships or PPP : The PPP model works on the premise of getting the best out of public and private sectors to work together for a common goal . While the public sector brings socially responsive pro-poor approach to project design , the private sector focuses on financial viability of the project . The PPP model also helps in developing the confidence of the private sector through risk sharing mechanism . With spatially distributed communities , PPP projects are especially an enabler in unlocking private capital for financing renewable energy projects in rural sector . This model is particularly pertinent in mini-grid sector where DABS along with a local RESCO can work together to build , operate and maintain ( or transfer ) minigrids , and in the process , builds the capacities of local enterprises to undertake such projects in future . w. Fiscal and financial incentives for RE sector : while the sector will continue to benefit from already available support and incentives for the private sector led infrastructure projects , the RE sector would require customized fiscal and financial incentives particularly in terms of customs duty and import tax waivers . 5.2.6 Risk management Management of risks is a key enabler in providing the right environment for stakeholders engaged in the sustainable energy sector . Although risks and their mitigants could be varied , broad risk classes are outlined below : x. Mitigating business risks : Business risks include delays in import and transportation , absence of insurance or high insurance premium , lack or absence of skilled labor , risks of theft of plant and machinery ( during transit , or during implementation / operation ) etc . These risks , most of which are present in Afghanistan , can be mitigated by policy interventions and / or improvement in overall business environment . y . Managing project risks : As distinct from business risks , project risks are intrinsic to the project location . These could include revenue risks arising from nonpayment of dues from consumers , cost overrun risks from delayed implementation , safety risks from possible accidents etc . Some of these risks overlap with business risks as well . Better project design and management will help in mitigating these risks . z . Addressing security risks : Finally , the delicate security situation in the country poses a risk as well . While the success