in Afghanistan is useful at this stage . Public grant money also has a role to play in helping ensure that any results or lessons learned from resource assessments are shared as well as helping to provide legitimacy ( by assisting with certification and monitoring ) for resource assessments . Certification and legitimacy of resource assessments and pilot project results also help provide proof points that give confidence for the private sector to begin investing in projects , and for commercial banks to provide financing . Rather than a direct grant , a resource risk guarantee can be useful in instances where there is the possibility of pursuing an integrated strategy with a project developer for resource assessment and an initial commercial project ( e.g . the private developer agrees to perform the geothermal resource assessment at a site , and if successful , then develop the site into a commercial project ) . A resource risk guarantee is structured such that if the initial resource investigation proves to be unviable , the resource risk guarantee compensates the developer for all or part of the cost of the resource investigation . With regard to climate funds appropriate mechanisms at this stage are those that focus on technology transfer and can be mobilized quickly . The Climate Technology Centre and Network ( CTCN ) and Poznan Technology Transfer mechanisms are designed for this purpose . # Stage 2 : market creation At this point , natural resource availability and technical viability have been established , and technology application is no longer new to the country as a result of multiple pilot projects . The focus at this stage is demonstrating that the designs and business models developed during pilot projects of the Market Seeding stage can be scaled and replicated . Private sector entities at this stage start exhibiting interest in mechanisms apart from pure grantfunded contracting ( as is normally the case in the pilot projects of the previous phase ) . The barriers faced to private-sector led growth revolve around longer-term viability such as continued O & M and cost recovery ( initial technical and financial viability having been established ) and the perception of risk regarding political climate and security . Grant / subsidy mechanisms chosen at this stage are selected to let the market decide the level of risk that private sector entrants are willing to bear . It is possible that subsidies will still need to be offered to elicit private sector interest ( especially in markets where electricity tariffs are regulated ) and will involve some combination of subsidies for capital investment and for ongoing operation . It is recommended that subsidies/grants be explicitly linked to effective output ; such as payment upon some defined capacity commissioned and certified , or linked to per unit of continued energy production . The government has the opportunity to incentivize developers through mechanisms that forego revenue but increase the market ; tax holidays for profits and import duty