electricity using two-way single meter or two separate meters . The tariffs for import and export may be different Aform of payment , typically subsidies , to RET power generator which is linked to its pre-agreed performance such as a fixed amount given for every unit of electricity fed to the grid , or deferred payment of subsidies linked to the completion , operation and management of a REN project Contract between the project developer ( who generates electricity ) and the utility or any other user ( who intends to purchase electricity ) which includes all commercial term of sale including , but not limited to tariffs and its escalations . must-run status Net metering Performance linked incentives Power Purchase Agreementor roof-top REN projects . Utilities are obliged to buy electricity from REN projects at a preferential price determined by the regulator using cost-plus approach in order for REN project developers to obtain a reasonable rate of return on their investments . The Government may compensate the utilities by providing the difference between the high purchase price of REN electricity and their average purchase price of electricity from other sources Private investment driven power company that is in the business of managing the distribution and sale of electricity . It may have its own generating facilities alsoAn entity , both in public and private domain , that design , develops and commissions a REN based project A mechanism to encourage the generation and usage of REN based electricity . Any large consumer or trader of electricity is mandated by regulation to purchase a specified percentage of its total electricity mix from REN resources Loan provided to REN based projects on concessional conditions such as low interest rates , large moratorium period , flexibility in collaterals etc . REN based devices and systems that are installed at the premise of the user for his/her captive consumption . It does not include any infrastructure for distribution of electricity . Solar home systems , pico-hydro fall in this category tariffs Private utility Renewable Purchase Obligations Soft loan Stand-aloneviable manner , care has to be taken not to adversely affect the environment such as through the act of deforestation Sale of electricity by a REN project developer to non-utility end user using the transmission and distribution infrastructure of the utility 's grid REN projects may have high economic returns , but their financial returns may not be attractive for a prospective investor . Government may pitch in and bear some of the costs to make the project financially viable for a private investor . This mechanism is called VGF or viability gap funding An entity which generates REN power but does not own the transmission network to transport the power to the load center of the end-user ( third party or for its own captive use ) , may use the utility 's grid to wheel and bank the power by paying preagreed charges as per the regulations economicenvironment sustainability Third party sale