projects above 100 kW capacity , it will be coordinated with MEW and the MEW when implementing projects below 100 kW in the rural area will be coordinated with MRRD . The Government will be asked to allocate sufficient resources to MRRD and MEW to enable it to meet its stated objectives . REED will clarify current relevant practices in renewable energy development for rural area , set out standards and codes of practice for adoption , and establish implementation procedures and guidelines to attract and facilitate donor assistance and private investment in renewable energy and rural electrification . It will coordinate and maintain oversight of the activities of all other stakeholders in the rural energy sector , and ensure that these activities respect the Policy and procedures . REED will liaise with the Ministry of Finance , the Ministry of Economy , MEW , the National Environment Protection Agency ( NEPA ) , the Afghanistan National Standards Authority ( ANSA ) and other relevant Government institutions on standardization , maximizing the socio-economic impact of rural electrification while minimizing environmental hazards . To do so , it proposes to establish a Policy Oversight Committee as a formal collaborative oversight and management mechanism , with membership drawn from MRRD , MEW and appropriate Government and international partners . At technical level , REED and RED will convene a Technical Working Group to include representatives from MEW , NEPA , ANSA , MRRD , the Ministry of Mines , the Ministry of Public Health , the Ministry of Education , the Ministry of Agriculture , Irrigation and Livestock , donors , sector NGOs and any other pertinent body , to coordinate renewable energy development and delivery of renewable energy services to key economic and social sectors . REED will maintain close liaison with NEPA in working towards accession to the Kyoto Protocol , and to develop and coordinate Clean Development Mechanism projects designed to qualify for carbon credits to reduce the cost of investment in renewable energy rural electrification . REED and RED will develop a database for the assessment and implementation of rural renewable energy projects , and disseminate this information to all decision-making bodies on all levels . The renewable energy database will include at the minimum , site selection criteria and evaluation , power needs assessments , funding options for projects , available programmes and programme information , and affordable and adapted energy solutions . The private sector will be encouraged to participate and invest in rural electrification and in the deployment of energy efficient renewable energy technologies under this Policy and in accord with the regulatory framework established by the Government . The international and bilateral donor community will be encouraged to assist for developing a Strategy for policy implementation and provide financial assistance to Government of Afghanistan to develop renewable energy systems . NGOs will be encouraged to participate in rural electrification through community mobilization and enhancing community social capital . Representatives will be invited to participate