will be applied throughout the programme and will be mainstreamed in all projects . Political , economic , and conflict analysis of the provinces where UNDP is working will be undertaken through its regional hubs at the subnational level . This will be accompanied by greater use of national systems , a focus on capacity development instead of capacity substitution , and assistance with phasing out parallel structures and strengthening approaches to regionalization . For each country programme outcome , UNDP will prepare an outcome strategy document , in consultation with all partners and the new Government and in the light of the evolving UNAMA mandate after 2015.11 . UNDP will ensure that four cross-cutting parameters or guiding principles are addressed in the outcome strategies of the country programme to be prepared after the document has been approved . They are : ( a ) Area-based approaches for better targeting of beneficiaries . Socio-economic and baseline analysis in pilot regions and provinces will be carried out to ensure that direct benefits accrue to policymakers , the poor , women , and other selected beneficiaries , such as internally displaced persons . Participatory planning will foster community ownership , leading to sustainable interventions through conflict-sensitive programming , the rights-based approach and ‘ do no harm ’ principles . ( b ) Scalability of results and use of multidisciplinary approaches . Using an issues-based approach , UNDP will ensure that synergies between outcomes and fields of work are established to ensure accelerated progress towards specified goals , fostering development impact and social cohesion . ( c ) Partnership building . This will involve a greater use of state and non-state actors in Afghanistan , and at the regional and global levels through SouthSouth cooperation , to ensure that the best national and international comparative experience can be integrated into the country programme outcome areas of work . ( d ) Use of national systems and ‘ Serving as One ’ . Serving as One approaches incorporating the use of integrated work plans and joint programmes , coordinated through outcome-specific inter-agency working groups , have been agreed to . 12 . Outcome 1 of the country programme document , on accountable governance , addresses governance deficits and responds to the need to strengthen the accountability of institutions and promote civil service reform , with special attention to selected regions and provinces . UNDP will seek to promote : ( a ) Inclusive political processes and representative institutions . In coordination with UNAMA , UNDP electoral cycle support will assist national institutions in the better management of presidential , parliamentary and local election processes . UNDP is already a partner of the key electoral bodies . UNDP will support the National Assembly in building capacities to deliver on its constitutional mandate . At the subnational level , UNDP will engage with the new Government to discuss policy options , including on fiscal decentralization and accountability mechanisms , for improved participation and inclusive decisionmaking ,