site ; Other than applications in tailraces of existing hydropower plants , rivers and canals , the micro hydro turbine has a bi-directionality option to facilitate operations in tidal currents as well . Source : http : //www.tata.com/article/inside/Tata-Power-integrates-a-micro-hydro-turbine-at-its-Bhirahydro-power-station-in-Maharashtra # 2.3.4 Wind # Technology The kinetic energy of the moving air ( or wind ) is transformed into electrical energy by wind turbines or wind energy conversion systems . The wind forces the turbine ’ s rotor to spin , changing the kinetic energy to rotational energy by moving a shaft which is connected to a generator , thereby producing electrical energy through electromagnetism . Wind power systems are categorized primarily by the grid connection ( connected/ standalone ) and wind turbine type ( vertical/horizontal-axis ) . The specific system configuration is determined mainly by the wind condition ( especially wind speed ) , land availability ( or where the plant is sited ) , grid availability , turbine size and height , and blade size . Most large wind turbines are up-wind horizontal-axis turbines with three blades . Most small wind turbines are also horizontal-axis . Horizontal-axis turbines are being used commercially all over the world . The rotating shaft is mounted parallel to the wind flow/ground , and the turbines can have two types of rotors : up-wind and down-wind . The advantage of up-wind turbines is that they are minimally influenced by the turbulence caused by the tower . However , a yaw mechanism is needed to align the turbine with the prevailing wind . A group of wind turbines in the same location used for production of electricity constitutes a wind farm . A large wind farm may consist of several hundred individual wind turbines distributed over an extended area , but the land between the turbines may be used for agricultural or other purposes . Wind energy is very consistent from year to year but has significant variation over shorter time scales . It is therefore connected to the national electricity grid or can even be used as a hybrid option with other electricity generating/ storage sources to give a reliable electricity supply such as wind-solar hybrid , wind-diesel hybrid etc . Such hybrid options can be used as mini-grids for supplying electricity to areas with no electricity grid . Wind energy projects are common for off-grid applications such as water pumping and electricity supply through wind power systems , wind-solar/ wind-diesel hybrid systems . # Global status and outlook Globally , 487 GW of wind power technology has been installed by the end of 2015 of which , the largest capacity exists in China , followed by United States , Germany and India . The wind power capacity at the end of 2016 was enough to meet almost 4 % of total world electricity production . Wind power is now considered as the most cost-effective option in a large number of countries for new power generating capacity . # Status and relevance for Afghanistan Afghanistan