PPP ) driven in the interim , to private sector led fully commercial in the long term . The involvement of private sector through the newly created industry association with the donors in PPP mode could be a beginning of this growth trajectory . 1.13 Against this backdrop , the Afghanistan National Renewable Energy Policy ( AREP ) aims to provide a thrust and direction to the REN sector to follow the above growth trajectory . The AREPis aligned to the PSMPand the ANDS on one hand to set a framework for deployment and growth of REN ; it connects with the RREP on the other to ensure seamless adoption and implementation of the policy guidelines in rural energy sector . It proposes to optimize the impacts of integrating renewable energy based solutions with overall rural infrastructure development e.g. , educational and medical facilities , roads and telecommunications , clean water supply and sanitation , etc. , to enhance social welfare , security , productivity , trade , and economic well-being . Further , it also facilitates the involvement of the public good and the private sector investment in REN and identifies support mechanisms that are required to build an environment for its growth in Afghanistan.1 . The goal of the policy is to Meet the short-term energy needs while strengthening the sector in the long-term , covering sustainable development objectives and substantive share of REN projects . 2 . Increase the deployment of Renewable Energy Technologies ( RETs ) in Afghanistan to meet the targets of PSMP , i.e . 95 % of the total energy mix of 5000- 6000 MW in 2032 through grid-connected , mini-grids and stand-alone projects in a manner that REN resources would complement and supplement other forms of energy . 3 . Provide fiscal and non-fiscal incentives to private sector investors and equipment manufacturers / suppliers to lower the cost of investment , enhance the competitiveness of RETs and nurture the local industry including equipment manufacturers , suppliers and assemblers . 4 . Create mechanisms of involving Government Organization ( GOs ) , NonGovernmental Organizations ( NGOs ) , donors and communities through capacity building , awareness creation , networking and exposure visits to support the growth and sustenance of REN sector in Afghanistan . 5 . Foster international cooperation , particularly with countries in the region having similar socio-cultural milieu for cross learning and adoption of good practices . 6 . Help building safe environment by reduce air pollution , safeguard human health and the environment , provide power to off-grid rural areas as well as help to The Vision of AREP is enshrined in the Vision of Afghanistan- A society of hope and prosperity based on strong , private sector led economy , social equity and environmental sustainability – and its overall objective is to optimally deploy and utilize renewable energy resources in all possible manner to realize this Vision . Specific goals of AREPto meet the said objectives are presented below