capital such as equity or debt to RE developers ) . The payment of the grant or subsidy is linked wherever possible to outputs ; a certain capacity installed or energy generated over time . To date , the financing ecosystem for renewable energy in Afghanistan has been almost completely dominated by grants . Instruments under this mechanism include design-build or design-build-operate contracts financed by international development agencies , grants for infrastructure such as under the NSP ( and by the newly-launched Citizens ’ Charter Programs ) and funding by NGOs . An overview of some of these types of grant/subsidy funding mechanisms is provided below : # Risk mitigating instruments : These are insurance and risk mitigation mechanisms that are guaranteed by public ( e.g . donor or government ) monies but which are paid out not in the normal course of commercial business , but during a specified non-business event . The purpose of these mechanisms is to recognize and address non-commercial risks that prevent private sector participants from investing . These mechanisms and events include resource risk guarantees ( paid out when exploratory or resource assessment investigations by the private sector fail to uncover sufficient natural resource potential such as geothermal basin heat capability ) ; political / sovereign risks ( e.g . political insurrection ) and to serve as reinsurance for commercial insurers . While risk mitigation financial mechanisms have not yet been used in the renewable energy industry in Afghanistan , they are being attempted in areas such as natural-gas fired power generation . Risk mitigation instruments are usually provided by development banks such as the World Bank Group and the Asian Development Bank . # Climate funds : These are financial mechanisms / monetary incentives specifically designed to increase the penetration of climate friendly technologies . Although in practice they can take the form of a subsidy or risk mitigation mechanism , they are called out here separately as they are specific to RE development . There are a variety of climate funding opportunities that serve different purposes and which are designed to be deployed at particular stages of market evolution . Pilot projects and programs have previously accessed climate funding , and larger integrated programs have applied for funding from the Green Climate Fund ( GCF ) . # 6.7 Financing approaches for different stages of development # Stage 1 : market seeding This is when technology deployment is at a nascent stage and projects are generally intended to confirm the sufficient availability of natural resource ( e.g wind availability at the site ) or to demonstrate technical viability and refine standard designs through pilot projects . Private-sector led capital investment at this stage is often challenging , and faces the barriers of a lack of confidence in the natural resource and ( once the resource potential is established ) confidence in the techno-economic viability of the project . The type of direct grant funding that has been traditionally employed by development partners