. # Basis description of solar PV technology Solar cells , the building block of PV system , convert sunlight directly into DC electricity . These are categorized based on materials they are made of , such as wafer-based crystalline silicon ( c-Si ) ( either mono-crystalline or multi-crystalline silicon ) and thin-films using amorphous Si ( a-Si/ c-Si ) , cadmium-telluride ( CdTe ) and copper-indium-gallium-selenide ( CIGS ) . Figure 5 gives the current market share of PV technologies as per year 2015 . Solar cells are assembled and electrically interconnected to form solar PV modules . In a cSi PV module , slices ( wafers ) of solar-grade ( high purity ) silicon are made into cells that are assembled into modules and electrically connected . Thin film PV modules consist of thin layers of semiconductor material deposited onto inexpensive , large-size substrates such as glass , polymer or metal . Several solar PV modules are connected in series and/ or in parallel to increase voltage and/or current , respectively . An inverter is needed to convert direct current ( DC ) into alternating current ( AC ) for grid integration and use with most electrical appliances . Solar PV Modules and balance of system ( i.e . inverter , mounting structures , power control unit ( PCU ) , cabling and batteries , if any ) form a modular PV system with a capacity ranging from picowatts to gigawatts . # System configurations Solar PV systems are used to generate electricity for both grid-connected and off -grid applications , such as residential and commercial buildings , industrial facilities , remote and rural areas and large power plants . Based on the system configurations , grid connectivity and system portability , solar PV systems are generally categorized mainly into 4 types : • Utility scale ; • Roof-top ( which can be both grid connected and stand-alone ) ; • Mini-grids ; • Stand-alone ; The choice of solar PV technology for installation is often based on a trade-off between investment cost , module efficiency and electricity tariff . Thin film solar PV technology is generally cheaper , though significantly less efficient and requires substantially more surface area for the same power output than c-Si-based systems . Conversion efficiencies of commercially available PV modules are given in Table 4 . # I . Utility scale PV systems Utility scale solar PV systems are typically in MW range and are generally ground-mounted . These are deployed either as Independent Power Projects ( IPPs ) or in Solar Power Parks ( SPPs ) . Electricity generated from these projects is evacuated through the national ( or private , as the case may be ) transmission network . # II . Roof-top solar PV systems Roof-top solar PV is a modular , grid-connected or standalone system that has electricity generating solar panels mounted on the roof of any building . By virtue of being mounted on a roof , these