has created three categories : strategic , external and internal risks . Strategic risks include political pressure , implementation modality constraints , and limitations related to on-budget delivery mechanisms . External risks include reduced access at the subnational and community levels due to deterioration in security conditions , shrinking donor funds , weak infrastructure , limited capacity of implementing partners , and corruption . Internal risks include staff turnover and capacity , and inadequacy of oversight and accountability measures and financial management systems . The impact of these could include reputational loss , mismanagement of funds , inefficiency in programme interventions , and inability to implement , monitor and evaluate activities effectively . The transition in the Law and Order Trust Fund for Afghanistan , in particular , will require a targeted risk management approach . 22 . The UNDP risk management strategy is based on a stronger partnership engagement and lessons learned from the assessment of development results , the activities of the Oversight and Compliance Unit , and the regular audits and spotchecks carried out regularly by the country office . Risk assessments , monitoring , and regular reviews will be undertaken with stakeholders . These will include the proactive use of programme criticality assessments and innovative approaches for data collection and analysis of results . These mechanisms will be built into project design , project approval processes , project monitoring requirements , performance assessments , and project closure mechanisms . In keeping with a cohesive United Nations approach , a risk management unit has been created within the Resident Coordinator ’ s Office to facilitate joint United Nations positioning and advocacy , and to provide tools and support mechanisms for risk management and risk sharing.23 . To ensure continuity in the event of a security breakdown , a business continuity plan has been developed . The oversight and compliance unit in the country office is the primary body to ensure the implementation of risk management systems . UNDP has also established a dedicated audit and investigations capacity , and programme criticality levels have been established for UNDP activities , all of which are undertaken in compliance with this United Nations-wide framework . # IV . Monitoring and evaluation 24 . Operating in a fragile context with high levels of insecurity , minimal local information management systems , and a lack of comprehensive , accurate data has been a key challenge for monitoring and evaluation efforts . Limited reach in many rural areas , combined with capacity constraints of the Government and local bodies in terms of information collection , make it difficult to undertake accurate needsbased planning and effective follow-up , monitoring and evaluation . These challenges have cost implications at the programme and project levels which will have to be addressed . 25 . The new country programme will intensify efforts in monitoring and utilizing data collection to continuously assess impact . The organizational platforms used will include the Data for Development Group led by UNFPA