. Being roof-top installed , the aesthetic appeal of the houses was also not hampered , since roof-top units are usually not visible from the ground . # 4.5 Renewable ( Rural ) Energy Service Company ( RESCO ) # Description RESCO is an entity that provides energy services to consumers in a particular area by setting up a mini-utility , usually in an off-grid location . As a mini-utility , RESCO combines both generation and distribution functions . The RESCO business model is built on enhancing community level incomes through reliable and affordable energy access . These incomes pay for energy consumed , sustaining the micro-utility function . In the Afghanistan context , there are several areas where the national utility ( DABS ) may encounter difficulty in providing reliable electricity access . These are pockets best served by decentralised , renewable energy based systems . RESCO projects , acting as a complete micro-or mini-utility by combining generation and distribution services under a single roof , can meet power demand and contribute to local growth by facilitating enterprise development . Thus , RESCO models are more relevant in areas characterized by high levels of unmet demand for energy , usually for agriculture ( irrigation ) , farm-based enterprises ( cold storage and drying ) and anchor loads ( 24x7 demand such as telecom , market centers and hospitals ) along with high population densities . # Salient features The broad features of the RESCO business model are as follows : • The RESCO mirrors a utility on the ground . Typically , RESCO sets up a cluster of projects in a district to reduce management overheads and ensure viability . RESCO businesses undertake several pre-project activities such as site selection , load and enterprise development , feasibility study preparation and engineering design . For power generation , RESCO utilizes locally available RE resources such as solar , biomass and wind . ; • Power is sold to consumers across all load categories , viz . household , commercial ( shops ) and enterprises . ; • RESCOs are assisted by local entities such as Civil Society Organizations ( CSO ) and other community based organizations . These entities play important roles in project identification , community mobilization , load development and tariff fixation . CSOs , largely being local , build trust bridges between RESCO and communities . Security and other administrative support relevant in the local context are managed by the RESCO with the support of CSO / local partner . ; • To ensure long-term sustainability of operations , RESCOs can ensure complementarities in interface between the mini-grids constructed by them and the utility ( DABS ) grid , so that there is seamless integration with the national grid as and when it reaches in future . ; • From a financing perspective , RESCOs are often implemented as public-private partnerships with government agencies ( MRRD , MEW etc . ) providing support to RESCOs to reduce