globally . Out of the total 519 MW installed capacity , 51 % is thermal ( diesel and furnace oil ) with a generation cost of $ 0.25-0.35 per kWh , which is four times that of imported electricity . The remaining 49 % ( 254 MW ) is from hydropower , which is seasonal and has a capacity factor of less than 40 % . Over 80 % of total electricity supply is imported1 . The Roadmap for renewable energy for Afghanistan identifies pathways for reaching about 5,000 MW of renewable energy based generation capacity by 2032 , in line with the Afghanistan Renewable Energy Policy targets and vision . It provides an inclusive , medium to long-term vision of the renewable energy sector , taking into cognizance inter-dependencies between energy , environment and overall socio-economic development . It also provides a ‘ portfolio approach ’ , integrating technologies and market structures that are based on viable business models and finance options . # 1.2 Contextual analysis The foundation of the RE development is based on the Afghanistan National Development Strategy ( ANDS , 2008 ) which provides the overall vision and goals of the energy sector ; Power Sector Master Plan , ( PSMP , 2013 ) that provides the overall status and priorities of power sector network planning and expansion , including identification of regions where network expansion in not economically viable ; and the National Energy Supply Program , ( NESP , 2013 ) . The NESP has set the short-term ( by 2015 ) and long-term ( up to 2022 ) targets for electricity supply , energy efficiency and renewable energy sector , energy institutions and private sector participation , as well as capacity and regulatory framework development . Recently approved Renewable Energy Policy ( RENP , 2015 ) , as an overarching policy instrument , has set ambitious targets for RE development in the country . The Afghanistan Integrated Energy Policy is proposing to put the RE sector development as one of its strategic intents . The above is broadly in sync with the Sustainable Energy for All ( SE4All ) target for energy access for all by 2030 , which is developed as a country level plan of action to ensure access to energy for all . Development of renewable energy is also one of the priority areas for low emission development for Afghanistan ( NAMA , 2015 ) particularly in the context of energy access to rural communities to think and act beyond lighting energy . The Climate Change Strategy and Action Plan for Afghanistan ( CCSAP , 2015 ) targets 100 percent electricity coverage by 2100 as mandated within the National Priority Programs . It further targets at least 40 percent share of renewable energy in the Afghanistan national grid by 2100 , with an increased presence of decentralised renewable energy based systems to cater to off-grid areas . Subsequently , the Intended Nationally Determined Contributions ( INDC ) have identified