. utility scale ) . It then outlines a mechanism to put in place financial instruments appropriate to the market type ( i.e . utility scale , mini-grids , etc. ) . This framework is not technology specific , but does make note of the degree of maturity of these technologies in Afghanistan . This degree of maturity can be used to evaluate useful instruments for the current stage of the market and make efforts to put in place mechanisms that will be useful at future stages . The framework is geared towards maximizing the role and investment of the private sector , and targeting donor / government subsidies to that end . Private-sector led growth is both in line with the RENP ( and economic development efforts more generally ) , and is cost-effective , as international experience suggests that a robust competitive private sector dominated market with effective regulation promotes the greatest market growth and lowest prices . In keeping with the overall structure of this Roadmap document , the goal is to move towards a liberalized energy market . To date , there has been very limited investment by private sector RE developers or commercial financial institutions , although surveys conducted suggest an interest and willingness provided risks are adequately addressed . The financing strategy is to gradually reduce the proportion of public investment in favour of higher share of investment by the private sector in the forms of viability gap funding , debt , equity , and various hybrid financing and risk mitigation products . The framework is built upon deploying the right financial mechanisms based upon business model or market type ( e.g . utility scale projects ) , and the stage of market development ( e.g . market creation ) . The financial mechanisms are selected based upon the likely barriers being faced to private sector led market growth at that stage and are organized into three broad areas ; subsidies and grants , risk reduction/ mitigation instruments , and climate change related funds / mechanisms . # 6.1 RE benchmark costs and global cost trends Globally , RE prices have dropped consistently over the past few years , a trend that is expected to continue for at least the next decade . Future costs for renewable energy will depend on a variety of inter-related factors including technological advancement , market expansion and regulatory action . However , the core premise is that costs will reduce as the 88 market expands , which is supported by international experience . The following figure shows the trends in utility scale solar PV auctions throughout the world . It is clearly visible that the prices are going down at a rapid rate . In fact , utility scale solar PV is even achieving parity with fossil fuel ( coal ) based systems in some countries . As an illustrative example , the figure below shows how the tariffs bid by developers ( the price ) has changed