greater penetration of RE development is apparent , the relative contribution of direct subsidies will decrease in place of risk mitigation mechanisms and concessional finance . Following figures summarize the overall financial framework and a possible financial landscape covering all stages of RE sector development towards selfreliance . # 7 IMPLEMENTATION OF ROADMAP The strategic rationale , methodology , project prioritization , technical considerations and financial strategies for achieving a step change in renewable energy deployment have been the focus of this work . The above is proposed to be achieved through the roadmapping exercise by which a roadmap is created , implemented , monitored and updated as necessary47 . The Renewable Energy Roadmap -RER2032- an output of this work , is a high level strategic plan that sets the pathways to achieve the intended objectives of RE sector development in Afghanistan . The RER2032 has set milestones , outlined tasks and prioritised actions . The next logical step is to implement the Roadmap by carrying out activities and initiatives that address Roadmap tasks and priorities and monitoring their progress with the help of a tracking system . Accordingly , the 4Ps - Proponents , Projects and People- are considered at the core of the Roadmap implementation plan . These are briefly discussed here . # 7.1 Principles The implementation of the Roadmap is based on four guiding principles : a ) Empowered and dedicated institution ( s ) - to oversee the implementation of the Roadmap in a time bound and coordinated manner b ) Participatory and collaborative approach- among various ministries , departments , donors , public institutions , private sector and communities to work towards the common goals of achieving energy security and energy access by deploying renewable energy resources in Afghanistan c ) Optimisation of existing and raising new financial resources- through a mix of donor funds , national funds and private finances with a focus on privatesector led growth , and corresponding use of public monies to incentivize private sector participation . d ) State-of-the-art global practices and techniques- customised to the local conditions and adopted effectively across all departmental functions and projects # 7.2 Proponents Proponents are a set of state-led institutions spanning across financing and implementation space that are needed to realize the intents of the Roadmap . It is critical that these institutions work in close collaboration with legislative and regulatory authorities to ensure that renewable energy development is within a transparent legal framework . At the project level these institutions shall work closely with private sector players , thereby effectively bridging the gap between policy and practice . Finally , these public institutions shall also be able to work with development partners , donors and civil society organisations and thus be able to grow independently in future . Following three institutions are relevant for the growth of RE sector in Afghanistan : Setting up key institutions Renewables energy project development organisation • a for-profit public-private partnership organization focused on utility-scale generation