File Name : AFG-NREP-2013-EN Year : 2013 Country Name : Afghanistan Country Code : AFG Category : NREP Document Title : Afghanistan Rural Renewable Energy Policy Exists ? : Y Publication Date : April , 2013 Start Year : 2017 End Year : 2027 Language : EN -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF AFGHANISTAN MINISTRY OF ENERGY AND WATER ( MEW ) MINISTRY OF RURAL REHABILITATION AND DEVELOPMENT ( MRRD ) Afghanistan Rural Renewable Energy Policy Final Draft April , 2013 # Abbreviations ANDS Afghanistan National Development Strategy ; ANSA Afghanistan National Standard Authority ; GDP Gross Domestic Product ; ICE Inter-Ministerial Commission for Energy ; kV Kilovolt ; KWh Kilowatt-hour ; MEW Ministry of Energy and Water ; MRRD Ministry of Rural Rehabilitation and Development ; MW Megawatt ; NEPA National Environmental Protection Agency ; NGO ( s ) Non-governmental organization ( s ) ; NREL National Renewable Energy Laboratory ; NSP National Solidarity Program ; O & M Operations and Maintenance ; RECC Rural Energy Coordination Committee ; REED Rural Energy and Enterprise Directorate ; RED Renewable Energy Department ; RREP Rural Renewable Energy Policy # Definitions Biogas : a combustible gas created by anaerobic decomposition of organic material primarily through cattle excreta , composed primarily of methane , carbon dioxide , and hydrogen sulphide . ; Biomass : energy obtained from renewable organic matter such as agricultural crops and residue , wood and wood waste , animal waste , aquatic plants and organic components of municipal and industrial wastes . ; Independent power producers : producers of electricity who sell their power to electricity distributors for supplying to the national grid . ; Renewable energy : energy obtained from renewable natural sources , such as the energy from the sun , wind , biomass , water and geothermal resources . Unlike , fossil fuels these sources of energy are abundant . ; Renewable energy technology : technology that converts a primary renewable source of energy or energy resource to the desired form of energy supply # 1 Introduction Afghanistan ’ s consumption of electricity is one of the lowest in the world . In November 2012 , the Ministry of Energy and Water ( MEW ) estimated that 28 % of the household was connected to the power supply systems , the vast majority of whom live in urban centres . Rural power supplies continue to rely on hydropower , with limited diesel and battery options , and are estimated to cover less than 9 % of the rural population . This lack of access is significant in light of the fact that more than 75 % of Afghans live in rural areas and 67 per cent of the national Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) comes from rural areas . The implication is that the potential for development and growth in the rural sector ,