employment . Within the three programme components , UNDP will support the Government on the overarching national objective in the NDP , 2018-2022 , of maintaining stability and peace . 19 . Operationalizing General Assembly resolution 72/279 on the repositioning of the United Nations development system , the country programme represents the UNDP vehicle for deliveringas-one in Angola , guided by its United Nations Development Assistance Framework ( UNDAF ) . Within each of the three pillars , UNDP will deliver against the strong joint United Nations commitment on youth , women and people with disabilities ( UNDAF outcome 2 ) . UNDP will work closely with United Nations organizations through the common chapter of their strategic plans . 20 . The new UNDP country programme is aligned with the UNDP gender equality strategy , 2018- 2021 . It will address gender inequalities , including discriminatory practices and social norms , and will strengthen investments in gender expertise and capacities . 21 . The country programme directly supports the country ’ s international commitments , including Agenda 2030 , African Union Agenda 2063 , the NDP , 2018-2022 and key national strategies , and the UNDP Strategic Plan , 2018-2021 . UNDP will respond to government priorities through its six signature solutions and contribute to the achievement of specific targets defined in the UNDAF for Goals 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 8 , 10 , 11 , 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 and 17 . 22 . UNDP will continue to work with the Government at all levels for effective implementation of policies and programmes , including projects funded from national budgets and IFIs . This includes supporting the Government in aligning the NDP , 2018-2022 , to the Goals and assisting in ensuring a multi-partner response to key multidimensional development challenges . UNDP will continue to act as operational support platform for other development organizations , and partner with civil society and academia in advancing development agendas and building capacities . 23 . Innovation will be a core element of the country programme . UNDP will devote 5 per cent of its core budget to delivering innovative solutions to development challenges . The UNDP country office is establishing an accelerator lab to create a learning network to test innovative ways of addressing development challenges . # Fostering poverty eradication and inclusive economic growth 24 . UNDP will significantly deepen its engagement to end poverty in Angola and reduce inequality through substantive analysis , dialogue and technical advice to develop more effective national policies and programmes . The accelerator lab and South-South and triangular cooperation will be vehicles for prototyping new solutions . It will provide technical support , including for data analysis , in partnership with INE , government partners , the World Bank , academia , civil society organizations ( CSOs ) and United Nations partners . UNDP will strengthen its partnership with the Government on analytics of expenditures and loan portfolio ,