populations-led associations , parliament health and youth commissions , Ministry of Health , Ministry of Justice , the Ombudsperson , United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) , Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS ( UNAIDS ) , United States President ’ s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief ( PEPFAR ) , UNFPA , United Nations Children ’ s Fund ( UNICEF ) and World Health Organization ( WHO ) . # Increasing resilience to shocks and crises and enhancing management of natural resources for conservation and economic development 29 . Building on the NDP , 2018-2022 , commitments and early achievements in non-fossil fuel options , UNDP will support low-carbon development . The UNDP de-risking renewable energy investments ( DREI ) initiative will provide policy support to boost private investments in renewable energies , including in remote areas . UNDP is supporting private investment in off-grid solutions , and renewable electricity for public infrastructure , including in the health sector . 30 . Through policy advice and implementation of GEF projects , UNDP will support the Government in the conservation of forest and protected areas by rehabilitating infrastructure , training , equipment , preparation of management plans , surveys of flora and fauna , engagement with communities , combatting illegal wildlife trade , and establishing the first marine protected areas . These actions will be implemented in partnership with the Ministry of Environment ( MINAMB ) , Ministry of Agriculture and Forests ( MINAGRIF ) and Ministry of Fisheries and Oceans ( MINPESMAR ) . 31 . UNDP will scale up gender responsive disaster and climate risk management support , building on its demonstrated results , adopting an integrated approach to resilience . Partnering with Ministry of Energy and Waters ( MINEA ) and relevant institutes at local level , UNDP will help to strengthen water management practices at the community level and adopt flood warning systems . UNDP will provide training to strengthen capacities to cope with shocks and crises . It will achieve this in cooperation with the National Civil Protection Commission ( NCPC ) , MINFIN , MEP , Ministry of Territorial Administration and State Reforms ( MAT ) , sector ministries and United Nations partners . 32 . Partnering with IFIs , the European Union and bilateral agencies , as integrator , UNDP will help to boost investments in building the resilience of the 1.2 million drought-affected people in the south , within the innovative common framework established . 33 . Addressing the country ’ s solid waste management challenge , UNDP will provide technical and financial assistance to promote recycling , through the UNDP country accelerator lab , and support the elimination of toxic waste . Through integration and synergies within the country programme areas , UNDP will support entrepreneurship and promote green jobs , including for biodiversity and waste management . UNDP will facilitate access to international funding , including through GEF , Green Climate Fund ( GCF ) , and