UNDP will implement the joint programming framework and business operations strategy as part of delivering-as-one . 40 . The country office will review its capacity to ensure it is positioned for effective programme implementation . A human resources strategy will be developed and implemented , including to support gender mainstreaming within the country office , with the aim of ensuring country presence and profile with qualified , credible staff , backed by efficient operations . The country programme will benefit from the UNDP global policy network . Four major risk sources are : ( a ) financial and economic shocks leading to limited fiscal space ; ( b ) fragmentation and limited cross-sectoral coordination to address development challenges ; ( c ) inability to mobilize resources from key donors in the context of LDC graduation ; and ( d ) ensuring UNDP space for technical advice vis-à-vis development agencies offering larger financial contributions to Angola . 41 . UNDP will mitigate development financing risks by advocating for budget prioritization and reinforcement of national capacities in result-based budgeting . It will address fragmentation and limited cross-sectoral coordination through national capacity development on integrated development approaches , in order to address institutional bottlenecks , planning and implementation of the governance and human rights agenda . Within the country office ’ s resource mobilization strategy , the country programme is expected to be implemented using increased resources from the state budget , in addition to donor and core resources . The country programme foresees expanding partnerships with IFIs , including UNDP support for accelerating implementation of loans . With graduation from LDC status , core funding is expected to continue to decrease . The country office is developing a country programme action plan ( CPAP ) , which includes a partnerships strategy and action plan for resource mobilization , with Bureau of External Relations and Advocacy ( BERA ) support , and a communication strategy . 42 . All projects will undergo systematic review to ensure environmental and social safeguards , costs and benefits of an intervention are evaluated in accordance with UNDP policies and standards . Interventions will be scaled up or down depending on resource availability . Risk mitigation plans will be developed during preparation of programmes/projects , in collaboration with national stakeholders . 43 . Accelerated procedures can be adopted to provide rapid response to crisis situations and to respond effectively to new requests for UNDP support . The country office will invoke the business continuity plan in the case of crises affecting its normal operations . 44 . This country programme document outlines UNDP contributions to national results and serves as the primary unit of accountability to the Board for results alignment and resources assigned to the programme at country level . The accountabilities of managers at country , regional and headquarter levels with respect to the country programme is prescribed in the organization ’ s programme and operations policies and procedures and the internal control framework . #