South-South and triangular cooperation . # Strengthening inclusive democracy , human rights , justice and rule of law 34 . UNDP will support efforts to ensure the first-ever elected local governments deliver on promises for democratic development and improved local service delivery . UNDP will strengthen the capacity of elected local governance institutions and support participation mechanisms , such as participatory budgeting and civil society involvement in policy formulation , implementation and monitoring . Key partners include MAT , MASFAMU , Parliament , local governments , CSOs and bilateral donor partners . 35 . Through technical support and South-South and triangular cooperation with countries such as Brazil and Cabo Verde , UNDP will support transparency and accountability in public management to improve services and finance development . UNDP will partner with the Office of the Attorney General , General Inspection Services , Court of Auditors , Parliament and Public Procurement Services in developing standard operating procedures and tools for public management to strengthen prevention and fight corruption . UNDP will coordinate international assistance for the implementation of the national anti-corruption strategy , 2018-2022 , launched with UNDP support . 36 . UNDP will support the capacity of justice and human rights institutions at national and local levels to handle citizens ’ grievances and address human rights cases , including economic , social and cultural rights . This includes the core ombudsman function of the Provedor de Justiça and its possible accreditation as the national human rights institution ( NHRI ) . UNDP will partner with the Ministry of Justice and Human Rights , Ministry of the Interior , Parliament , United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and CSOs . UNDP will help to strengthen the policy and legal environment , alignment with international human rights principles and commitments , and support initiatives on crime prevention and security . 37 . UNDP will promote the inclusion of women in development and service delivery and their effective participation and representation in decision-making processes . UNDP will partner with MASFAMU and Parliament on capacity building and advocacy for sensitive gender-budgeting and development of gender statistics systems . UNDP will partner with MASFAMU , MAT and CSOs to promote a gender-inclusive framework for local elections and support capacity-building for women to participate as candidates in local elections in 2020-2030 . 38 . UNDP will support the participation of youth in governance processes by advocating for proyouth participatory processes and mechanisms . For this , UNDP will partner with MAT , Ministry of Youth , Parliament , the national youth platforms , CSOs and local governments . # III . Programme and risk management 39 . National and direct execution modalities will be applied for programme implementation , and the harmonized approach to cash transfers ( HACT ) will be used to manage financial risks . In accordance with Board decision 2013/32 , all direct costs associated with project implementation will be charged to concerned projects . Together with other United Nations organizations ,