UNDP delivers quality policy advice and technical support and assists Angola in meeting targets and requirements of complex funding mechanisms , such as the Global Environment Facility and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria . Because funding through core resources is decreasing , reflecting the country ’ s forthcoming LDC graduation , Government funding to the country programme has increased significantly . 16 . The UNDP independent evaluation of the country programme for Angola , 2015-2019 , found it contributed to : ( a ) poverty eradication , including mainstreaming the Goals into national development policies and substantive support to boost the national response to HIV/AIDS ; ( b ) the country ’ s graduation process , through technical support for elaboration of the first national report on graduation to the Economic and Social Council and roadmap ; ( c ) resilience , by improving access to environment funds , enhancing efforts to expand protected areas , drafting a new national climate change strategy , and developing provincial contingency plans in disaster-prone provinces ; ( d ) participatory and inclusive governance , by helping the Government define strategies to improve human rights , access justice and rule of law , and strengthen human rights and justice institutions ; ( e ) gender mainstreaming , by supporting the Ministry of Social Action , Family and Women ’ s Promotion ( known nationally as MASFAMU ) . 17 . The evaluation report recommended that UNDP engage further in mainstreaming gender , eradicating poverty , reducing inequalities , and enhancing integration and synergies among thematic areas . It recommended the development of thorough resource mobilization and sound human resources strategies . II . Programme priorities and partnerships 18 . The UNDP country programme , 2020-2022 , is based on the premise of ‘ leaving no one behind ’ and ‘ reaching those furthest behind first ’ . The programme includes integrated solutions to complex , interconnected development challenges . Three complementary priorities define the 2020-2022 programme : ( a ) fostering poverty eradication and inclusive economic growth ; ( b ) increasing resilience to shocks and crises and enhancing management of natural resources for conservation and economic development ; and ( c ) strengthening inclusive democracy , human rights , justice and rule of law . The components of these three priority areas are based on the assumption that – if poverty eradication and inclusive economic growth are promoted , resilience is reinforced , and participatory and inclusive governance is strengthened – Angola will be able to accelerate its human development progress , end poverty in all its forms and reduce inequalities . The country programme will support Angola in effectively managing its development resources and bolstering the voice of those furthest behind and their ability to hold government accountable . It will do this while building their resilience to shocks and crises through effective disaster and climate risk management , and increasing their access to inclusive , equitable