measuring their impact in achieving the Goals . 25 . In support of PRODESI economic growth objectives , UNDP will work in partnership with MASFAMU , Ministry of Economy and Planning ( MEP ) , Ministry of Finance ( MINFIN ) , academia , CSOs , the World Bank and African Development Bank ( ADB ) , focusing on inclusive strategies that help lift people out of poverty and increase their resilience to shocks and crisis . UNDP assistance will have two main elements . First , it will support policies and initiatives for self-employment and growth of micro and small enterprises , targeting sectors with high impact on poverty reduction and addressing inclusion of the informal economy . Second , as part of government initiatives to strengthen entrepreneurship and employment for young Angolans ages 18 to 35 , it will support government policy on vocational training , institutional development and testing of innovative models , ensuring the most vulnerable sections of the workforce have access to skills and resources that match labour market demand . This will be done in collaboration with TVET network , private sector and International Labour Organization ( ILO ) . UNDP will continue its youth internship programme and enhance it with the national volunteer programme . 26 . Through its global impact initiatives for the Goals , UNDP will contribute to mobilizing international and national private capital for financing development projects within the context of the NDP , 2018-2022 . UNDP will help create menus and financial vehicles that stimulate impact investments in key sectors . In its integrator role , UNDP will facilitate the establishment of an engaged private sector platform through the umbrella of the Angolan Corporate Social Responsibility Network and Public-Private Partnership Initiative . 27 . UNDP will strengthen its support to national efforts for sustainable solutions in health , in line with the UNDP HIV , health and development strategy , 2016-2022 ( HHD ) . Building on its Global Fund principal recipient role , UNDP will deliver packages of HIV prevention services to adolescent girls and young women , female sex workers , men having sex with men , and treatment services to people living with HIV , including pregnant women . The UNDP core programming approach will be the social empowerment of these population groups through capacity development , involvement in service delivery and advocacy for sexual and reproductive health and rights . UNDP will contribute to strengthening the national health procurement and supply management system . 28 . To reduce gender , legal and human rights-related barriers to accessing basic social services , UNDP will promote national ownership of the 2018 HIV legal environment assessment report and the national strategy for key populations , and revision of the 2004 HIV law . UNDP will deliver capacity-building packages for advocacy to CSOs . Key UNDP partners include National HIV/AIDS Institute ( INLS , ) National Network Civil Society Organizations for HIV/AIDS ( ANASO ) , CSOs , key