financial , for example through bilateral Contract for Difference ( CfDs ) or establishment of decentralized futures markets . ;  Specific t bidding rules are to be developed and an efficient regulatory monitoring regime shall be enforced with the goal to prevent the abuse of any market power by specific participants . ;  A Balancing Market which integrates imbalance settlement is to be established and operated by OST , which will balance supply and demand , starting from the positions nominated by market participants through physical trading , and through contracting for balancing services directly . ; The new Market Model will have implications for existing commercial arrangements in the market :  Where RES generators have Power Purchase Agreements ( “ PPAs ” ) with the KESh public supplier , the intention will be for these volumes to be traded through the organized market , but with a Contract for Difference ( “ CfD ” ) put in place to keep the RES generator whole relative to the original PPA . The affected generators will need to be able to access a liquid reference price , which will be the index for settlement against the strike ( fixed ) price in the CfD . The wholesale public supplier role will also be transferred to OShEE once the new market model is implemented . ;  There is currently a bilateral agreement in place between KESh and OShEE that governs supply of power to OShEE . In order to comply with the Market Model , these volumes will also be required to pass through the new power exchange . The Market Model refers to this as a “ Market Maker Obligation ” on KESh and OShEE . As with the IPPs , a CfD could be put in place between KESh and OShEE to provide a financial hedge against volatility in the organized physical market . ; Once implemented successfully and accompanied by cost-reflective network and market access tariffs , the new Market Model should facilitate improved competition , first in the wholesale market , and then in the retail market . OShEE will retain its supplier business , and will be exposed to competition by new suppliers that could enter the market to supply end consumers . An overview of the commercial relationships in place on implementation of the Market Model is presented in the schematic in Figure 11 . The implications of the Market Model are taken into account in setting out the roles of key power sector institutions . The most important actions and reforms that are required to implement the Market Model can be summarized as follows :  OST , in consultation with other market participants including ERE , is to continue work to finalize the market rules for implementing the new Market Model . In particular , rules for the Balancing Market , the procurement of balancing services , and the calculation of imbalance charges need to be defined . ; 