power sector . The three core issues are firstly the insolvency of the sector , in particular the distribution company OSHEE , secondly excessive technical and non-technical losses in the distribution sector and thirdly inadequate collection of cash from customer bills . The reform implemented by the Albanian Governmentrecently in the power electricity sector aimed at collecting debts and enforcing the prevention of energy non-payment by customers has had some impact , but the financial position remains difficult . The extent of the insolvency of the sector can be illustrated by the financial position of OSHEE , which had negative equity of over 55 billion ALL at the end of 2015 ( Figure 14 ) . This is an improvement as there was negative equity of over 71 billion ALL at the end of 2014 but it is uncertain whether this performance improvement can be sustained . Moreover , the financial data of the OSHEE balance sheet for the first semester of 2016 made available online in its website , shows a further improvement in the financial position of the company compared to 2015 . The position of KESH is better in that its balance sheet appears solvent but the company has significant short term credits and loans , much of it in the form of an overdraft , amounting to over 44 billion ALL at the end of 2015 . This is also an improvement on the 2014 position when short term credits and loans amounted to over 49 billion ALL but KESH would not be capable of repaying the overdraft and other short term debt in the near term . In principle an overdraft is repayable on demand by the bank and as a matter of principle the balance on the overdraft should reduce to zero at least once during each year . The overdraft is providing long term financing for the company ’ s operations . Similarly , the transmission company OST had trade receivables of 9.5 billion ALL in 2015 and 9.7 billion ALL in 2014 , again showing a small improvement . These amounts are largely receivables due from OSHEE and are equivalent to over a year ’ s transmission revenue . This in turn damages the position of OST . Resolving these issues can only be achieved over a period of time . There are manifold challenges in devising a package of measures which will deliver improved performance while achieving political and social acceptability . Responses are required from both ERE and Government . These are necessary conditions for sectoral performance improvement . Their effectiveness can be enhanced by a number of further financial reforms to boost sector performance and by changes to the way the ERE reviews investment plans in order to make its role more manageable . The Government will work with ERE to develop a joint plan to carry out the reforms . Better management of losses and cash collection can lead to huge improvements in sector financial performance . Such