in the Parliament , which will create the legal basis for the establishment of the Albanian Power Exchange and market coupling with Kosovo . Following the obligations stipulated therein , the Energy Regulatory Entity ( ERE ) and the Ministry of Energy and Industry started the process of harmonizing the secondary legislation required for the reforms and liberalization of the electricity market . In March 2017 , ERE approved the final certification of the ownership unbundling of the electricity system operator , OST . The electricity market reforms will go beyond the implementation of the Third Energy Package inside the country . Albania is a member of the Berlin process or Western Balkans Six ( WB6 ) initiative and has committed to regional electricity market integration as an intermediary step toward a European electricity target model . Further , as a part of WB6 initiative Albania has committed to climate action . In July 2016 , the Council of Ministers adopted a new market model for the regulation of Albania ’ s electricity market . The Council also adopted a plan to phase-out price regulation and to enable all market participants to freely trade on the market . An action plan for setting up a power exchange , which envisages an organized day-ahead market in the second half of 2017 , was also part of this package . The market model envisages the coupling of the Albanian market with the Kosovo market and other neighboring countries . By commissioning the new 400 kV interconnection line with Kosovo in June 2016 , Albania took a further step towards its regional electricity market integration . The two system operators have already developed and tested a mechanism for procurement of capacity for secondary reserve . The Power Sector Law of 2015 is in line with the Third Energy Package and transposes Directive 2009/72/EC and Regulation ( EC ) 714/2009 . However , the secondary legislation is yet to be adopted , thus delaying the implementation of the Third Energy Package . Over the years , Albpetrol has transformed itself from a fully operational oil company towards the role of an agency with no active involvement in upstream oil and gas operations , while retaining huge number of the employees on its payroll . At present Albpetrol 's primary source of revenue is the overriding royalties or share of profit it obtains from private oil and gas companies . These are functions that should be performed by a government agency , rather than Albpetrol . Hence , Albania today has , in effect , two government agencies overseeing the oil and gas sector , with the more appropriate agency for this role ( AKBN ) having been substantially weakened . The other players in Albania 's upstream market are private companies that have obtained rights over existing oil and gas fields as well as new exploration and production . Albania 's ad-hoc licensing approach has resulted in a predominance of small companies operating in