for Construction of New Refineries is 350.0 EUR . Total Oil Exploration , Production Refining , Downstream Investment is 648.0 MEUR . # 4.2.4 EE SUPPORT Measures undertaken during the 1st NEEAP were predominantly done with either the direct support of an international financing institution ( IFI ) or donor , or were provided via local commercial bank loans supported by an IFI or donor . This support came both via financial and technical means according to the analysis carried out and presented under the 2nd and 3rd NEEAP . Such international support may continue , but to scale-up energy efficiency actions requires that increased domestic funds ( public and private ) are made available . In order to realize many of the efficiency measures , the EE law calls for development of an Energy Efficiency Fund , as a mechanism of financial support for the implementation of EE projects in the public and private sectors . Financing of the Energy Efficiency Fund is foreseen to come from the Albanian state budget ( limited to public awareness campaigns and pilot projects pursued in the public sector ) , external donors , the fund ’ s activities and offered services . The Energy Efficiency Fund aims to provide financial support and project management for developing a market of energy efficiency improvement and supporting programs for final customers with high-cost and high-risk investments . The Fund will be used to promote energy efficiency improvement programs , energy service companies , independent energy experts , energy auditors , energy distributors , distribution system operators , retail energy sales companies and installers of efficient equipment . A competitive bidding process should be used for fund allocation and for selection of third parties to carry out awareness campaign and pilot projects based on the legislation and procedures defined under the EE Fund Procedures , which also should be in line with Public Procurement Law . The Energy Efficiency Fund will in itself have limited financial means for achieving all the objectives noted within the second NEEAP . The funding proposed from the State Budget should be seen as a tool to leverage greater resources from external parties ( IFI and donors as well as private banks ) . To do this the EE Fund , in addition to direct financing , has the option of providing loan guarantees , subordinate debt , investment gap financing or interest-rate buy-downs . To reach the EE Target of a 6.8 % energy savings for the year 2020 , a ballpark estimate of approximately 100 MEUR added investment was calculated assuming an average investment cost per energy saved of 0.05 Euro/kWh . The biggest part of such investment will be direct financing , with the option of providing loan guarantees , subordinated debt , investment gap financing or interest-rate buy-downs , and the main task of the state budget is to carry out awareness campaign and pilot projects to promote EE in all economic sectors . Cumulative public sector