public and private sector cooperation ; 5 . Increasing the share of public transport for passengers and freight transport ( road , rail and waterways ) ; 6 . Increasing taxes for second hand category cars in order to reduce at maximum their introduction to Albanian market . 7 . Promotion of an integrated intermodal transport system , which includes infrastructure/transportation by land and sea ; 8 . Further restructuring of the railway system , the creation of the Albanian Railway Authority , the reorganization of the Albanian Railways , through total separation of operating activities from management activities and infrastructure maintenance ; 9 . Intensification of work for the creation of an integrated system of transport , focused on the connection of ports of Durres , Vlora , and Shëngjini by rail ; 10 . Construction of an intermodal port in Shengjin , which will be one of the largest ports in the region , and will serve as a connecting point between the Adriatic Sea and other countries in central and eastern Balkan ; 11 . Construction of new tourist ports , equipped with the necessary infrastructure and modern logistics for this purpose ; 12 . Opening of the market and reducing the cost of travel fees for passengers , in order to increase the movement of passengers and goods ; 13 . Promotion of investments based on public-private partnership for domestic tourism purposes ; 14 . Construction of a new airport in the south of the country ; 15 . Enhancing regional collaboration in the area of air transport ; 16 . Enable a better performance of air safety functions , as well as strengthening the administrative and technical capacity in this sector . The Paris Agreement also aims to strengthen the ability to adapt to the adverse impacts of climate change while ensuring a sustainable , resilient and low carbon development through adequate finance flows . The support should be provided by developed countries Parties to developing countries with respect of both mitigation and adaptation , continuing the existing collective goal to mobilize USD 100 billion per year until 2025 when a new collective goal will be set . In order to achieve the emission reduction objectives , the Agreement establishes a “ bottom up system ” where Parties will have to prepare and communicate successive nationally determined contributions ( NDC ) every five years with the aim of progressively improving their efforts . In addition to their NDC , Parties should also formulate long-term , mid-century low GHG development strategies , and submit them by 2020 that demonstrate how their efforts will contribute to the goal of zero-net emissions by the second half of this century . Albania has signed the Paris Agreement on the 22nd of April 2016 in New York , and the agreement will enter into force after 55 countries that account for at least 55 % of global emissions have deposited their instruments of ratification . The EU adopted the “