. The Baseline scenario shows that the Final Energy Consumption will increase to 3,868 ktoe . All the other scenarios , except Natural Gas promotion show reduced Final Energy Consumption in comparison to Baseline scenario , while supporting the Albanian GDP growth . # 3.2.2 ENERGY IMPORTS Figure 5 shows the percentage of total energy imports for 2020 , 2025 and 2030 for each of the scenarios . The Energy Efficiency ( EE ) scenario shows that there is a potential to reduce energy imports by 19 % , final energy consumption by 28 % , and GHG emissions by 27 % compared to the Baseline scenario . The Gas Promotion scenario shows energy imports increasing by 22 % , and the Albania-Kosovo coupling scenario shows that there is a potential to reduce imports in Albania by 24 % compared to the Baseline . The Combined scenario shows the potential to reduce imports by 32 % because of combining the EE and RES measures and by replacing hydropower used for space heating with natural gas . # 3.2.3 RENEWABLE ENERGY SHARE Figure 6 shows the share of renewable energy sources in the total primary energy supply . Only the Renewable Energy Sources ( RES ) scenario achieves and maintains the NREAP target through 2020 . It has an impact on the reduction of electricity and oil by products imports and it has the potential to achieve 1/3 the CO2 emission reduction compared to the EE scenario . The Gas Promotion scenario reduces RES utilization by replacing some electricity generated from hydropower used for space heating with natural gas . The Combined scenario also shows reduced RES utilization for the same reason , but the RES share is greater because of the reduced electricity demand produced by the EE measures . As a result , Albania would not meet its national target for RES after 2026 . # 3.2.4 ELECTRICITY GENERATION Figure 7 shows the annual electricity generation in Albania in 2020 , 2025 and 2030 . The EE scenario shows the potential to reduce new electricity generation requirements by 31 % and the Gas Promotion scenario shows the potential to reduce new generation requirements by 16 % compared to the Baseline scenario because it replaces hydropower used for space heating with natural gas . The RES scenario has minimal impact on electricity demand , and the Combined scenario shows the potential to reduce new generation 41 % below the Baseline because of combining EE and RES measures and by replacing hydropower used for space heating with natural gas . # 3.2.5 ENERGY INTENSITY OF GDP Figure 8 shows the energy intensity of GDP ( ktoe per MEuro ) for each scenario . The EE scenario shows the potential to decrease energy intensity by 28 % , while the Gas Promotion scenario increases energy intensity by 11 % . The Combined scenario shows the potential to decreases energy intensity by 18 % . # 3.2.6 GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS Figure 9 shows