charged to the concerned projects . 29 . UNDP will participate in joint Government–United Nations coordination mechanisms . Programme and project boards will be established in line with the social and environmental standards and accountability mechanism . 30 . The main risk to the programme relates to the ongoing impact of COVID-19 and an unforeseen impact on the capacity to implement the programme or achieve its results . Possible changes in the process and requirements for European Union accession may impact national development policies . Natural or man-made hazards , with insufficient institutional and local preparedness to respond , can impact the ability of UNDP to support Albania in delivering its development priorities . 31 . Risks will be managed through coordination and partnerships ; advocacy and policy dialogue ; regular monitoring of risks , project and results ; and updating of contingency plans for the country office and national emergencies . # IV . Monitoring and evaluation 32 . The monitoring and evaluation plan will be implemented following endorsement of the CPD by the Executive Board . The results framework is aligned with indicators related to European Union accession , the NSDI and the national indicator framework for the Sustainable Development Goals . This demonstrates a clear linkage between the support provided by UNDP , the programme outcomes and sustainable development results . 33 . The planned evaluations will contribute to accountability , learning and achievement of strategic results . They meet all the required criteria , provide sufficient and balanced coverage of the programme ’ s areas of engagement and emphasize national ownership and capacity development . Planned project evaluations relate to ongoing projects . Results of new projects will be captured in the midterm review or in future project evaluations added during yearly reviews of the evaluation plan . Socioeconomic , political and environmental risks were considered during the formulation of the evaluation plan . Ethical practices and lessons learned shape policy advice , advocacy and project design and implementation . An independent country programme evaluation will be conducted in 2025 . 34 . UNDP will employ national monitoring systems , official statistical data and reports from line ministries , development partners and research institutions to measure its contribution to national results . Other data , perception surveys and reports will be used to assess results and behavioural change . The National Statistical Office and other partners will receive support to continue improving data quality . Data for baselines and targets will be disaggregated by sex , geography and income and increasingly identify those left behind . The programme will reinforce innovative tools to manage data collection and analysis at the country programme outcome and output levels .