;  Improve strategic planning for physical capacities , financial requirements and budgetary implications of the energy sector ;  Continue to secure the stability and reliability of the Albanian electricity system ;  Ensure that the goals of loss reduction and full bill collection are completed by OShEE ;  Recognize the current slow pace of reform and speed up the implementation of the energy acquis considering that faster implementation will facilitate much needed investments and influence the local market towards sustainable energy objectives ;  Ensure effective implementation of energy policy and legislation which needs to be further developed and implemented in practice . ; # 3.13 INTEGRATION INTO THE REGIONAL/EU ENERGY MARKETS Integration into the regional and EU energy markets will be a crucial step for Albania to meet its growing demand for energy . In 2014 , total energy consumption in Albania was 2070 ktoe15 . Electricity consumption was 7722 GWh , or 34 percent of primary energy use . With a projected annual GDP growth rate of 4 % for the coming decades , energy consumption is also expected to increase . In order for Albania to sustain its growth , the country will need to find additional sources of energy and invest in its energy transportation and delivery infrastructure . New energy sources and infrastructure investments will help Albania ’ s energy sector to continue its transformation towards a more competitive marketplace , while aligning with the Third Energy Package initiative and objectives . Albania is one of the earlier Contracting Parties to have successfully achieved transposition of the Third Energy Package in 2015 . As part of the Third Energy Package , emphasis on market opening and crossborder market integration are crucial steps towards a pan-European regional energy market . # 3.13.1 ELECTRICITY SECTOR : MARKET INTEGRATION Installed electricity generation capacity in Albania is 1.8GW , and hydropower plants provide most of the electricity . In the past , the hydropower production was sufficient to meet the domestic demands . However due to varying hydrological conditions , faster demand growth in contrast with a stagnation in new capacity installation since the 1990s and relatively high system distribution losses , the country has had to rely more on electricity imports to meet demand . Including losses , the total overall electricity consumption over the next decade is expected to increase by more than 33 % over its 2014 level and will remain dominated by the residential consumption . Albania has adopted an Integrated Planning System ( IPS ) policy to provide operating principles for facilitating a coordinated and coherent government policy planning . One of the key features to IPS is the second National Strategy for Development and Integration ( NSD-II ) which describes the national social , 15 Energy Balance of Albania 2009-2014 , AKBN ; INSTATdemocratic and economic development country ’ s objectives over the period 2015-2020 . Some of strategic objectives in the NSDI-II for the electricity sector include : 