the APE . The ERE , the Albanian Competition Authority and State Aid Commission shall , in coordination with the Energy Community Secretariat and in consultation with the market participants , make sure that appropriate and well-justified measures are taken for ensuring that the market performance satisfies the criteria of transparency and openness as well as security of supply . All forms of direct and indirect price regulation and subsidies will be removed except what is covered in any Public Service Obligation compliant with the Power Sector Law and Energy Community obligations . The implementation of the Albanian Market Model shall be enabled by the detailed market rules . Its implementation will also enable Albania to comply with the commitments already undertaken or may undertake in the framework of international and regional cooperation . The competitive market will also facilitate a future market coupling of Albanian market with other markets from neighboring countries . With regard to RES electricity producers , the Market Model is expected to support schemes in compliance with the relevant Energy Community acquis in the form of contracts for difference ( CfDs ) that will replace their current Power Purchase Agreements ( PPA ) . # 3.13.3 BENEFITS OF A REGIONAL ELECTRICITY MARKET Analysis of a coupled electricity market between Albania and Kosovo has been analyzed and shown to provide the following benefits :  Improved security of electricity supply , as Albania has almost 100 % hydro capacities ( strongly vulnerable to variable hydrological conditions ) and Kosovo has almost 100 % thermal capacities ( partly very old and inflexible ) . The combined generation capacity mix is approximately 50 % hydro and 50 % thermal , which is expected to improve security of supply through more efficient use of cross-border capacity and price signals . Based on the Memorandum of Understanding signed between Albania and Kosovo both power systems are going to operate as a single bidding zone and are going to establish the efficient market . ;  Efficient use of cross-border capacity and increased welfare on both sides . ;  Improved power system control and system reserve synergies provided by the combination of thermal ( base ) and hydro ( peaking ) capacities . ;  Improved investment climate to attractive potential generation investors . ; The financial benefits associated with integrating the Albania and Kosovo electricity markets were quantified based on the savings that would come from the reduction of electricity imports and the additional variable O & M costs for Kosovo Thermal Power Plants and the Drin River Cascade HPPs . The savings from reducing imports greatly overshadows the incremental operating costs for both the thermal and hydropower plants , and the net financial benefit for both systems averages 75 million euros annually between 2017 and 2030 , with a cumulative benefit of over 1 billion euro by 2030 . In such an environment where system resources utilization and trading occur based on market-driven principles , Albania in the