( Monthly Oil Statistics ) questionnaire ; ● Internal discussions within MIE should focus on increasing the professional expertise of the AKBN as the basis for the Technical Department , with contributions from the Contract negotiations unit as well ; # State Technical and Industry Inspectorate ● Sharply increase the technical competency of the staff of the Inspectorates . with a priority in gas sector ; ● Provide laboratory apparatus and equipment needed to undertake the mandated inspections ; # 3.9 NEED FOR A STRATEGIC PLAN FOR OIL AND NATURAL GAS Albania will provide a vital link and have a concrete institutional role in completing the energy loops that tie Italy , Central Europe and the Balkan states into a more integrated energy system that provides far greater energy security through a multitude of suppliers and energy transportation vehicles . The Albanian Government ’ s vision therefore is to promote economic development by serving as an energy transit corridor for electricity , natural gas and oil in all its forms , to move into greater Europe by sea and by overland pipeline . Its geographic location places Albania in the position of sharing its newly acquired energy sources with those of its neighbors in South East Europe , through the development of energy wheeling networks to strengthen the regional energy security of its neighbors , as well as itself . Given the impending arrival of the TAP pipeline and the potential reinvigoration of domestic exploration and production of oil and gas both onshore and offshore Albania , the development of an integrated strategic plan for the entire oil and gas economic subsector is critical . Each of the many components of Government that will ultimately be related to the utilization of oil and gas , must be integrated into a single smooth , functioning system , connected to its adjacent related Ministries in such a fashion that the benefits of increase energy access may be shared by the rest of the government and through that , to the population in general . The broad elements inherent in a national strategy for the oil and gas sector include : 1 . Establishing a baseline that adequately defines Albania ’ s present place in its oil and gas development . 2 . Defining a series of development objectives that are to be achieved against a fixed timeline for the plan to succeed by the agreed upon time , currently 2030 . 3 . Creating detailed plans for implementation of each major component of the plan along a time-line . 4 . Adjusting existing Government mechanisms for administrative , technical management , legal , regulations , and regulatory compliance elements as required to efficiently administer and manage the economic development of the national petroleum resource . Much of the above has already been accomplished , but needs to be organized and put into a plan format . There has been little apparent movement in this direction so far within Albania ’ s hydrocarbon