suppliers ( i.e . OSHEE ) would still need to be determined and such suppliers to be compensated without disturbing the electricity market or cost of supply to other consumers . # 3.11.9 RATE OF RETURN FOR KESH The present tariff model only permits KESH to earn a return on its assets equivalent to the one-year government bond rate . This rate is likely to be too low for a power utility which requires long term finance for up to thirty years . In general , longer term debt commands a higher interest rate than short term money such as one year bonds . Equity rates of return are higher still . KESH is highly unlikely to be able to achieve adequate self-financing for its investment program unless it is permitted to earn an equity rate of return on at least some of its investment . This will continue to be an issue as long as KESH continues to sell some power to OSHEE under special arrangements and outside the market . Once all power passes through the market it will cease to be an issue . # 3.11.10 FINANCIAL RESTRUCTURING At some point a substantial sector financial restructuring is likely to be required to place all power companies on a sustainable basis . This may for example require the write off of some debt owed by OSHEE to KESH . The aim should be to place debt within the sector on a sustainable and commercial basis . This sort of restructuring is only worthwhile if the various parties are required to operate on a commercial basis in the future . Thus , current interventions such as the government requirement that OSHEE only needs to pay 85 % of the invoice for transmission tariffs from OST would have to be dropped . These sorts of interventions serve only to entrench mismanagement in the sector and have no role in a commercial power sector . # 3.11.11 IMPROVING MANAGEABILITY OF THE REGULATOR ’ S ROLE At present ERE tries to review tariff applications against very tight time deadlines . ERE could discharge its responsibilities more effectively if the submission of tariff applications was separated from the submission of investment plans for transmission and distribution . Investment plans could be submitted at a different time of year and developed more thoroughly in a way that would enable ERE to review the plans more effectively and approve investment with more confidence . There are already requirements for the transmission and distribution companies to produce ten and five year investment plans respectively and this requirement should be enforced within the next year . ERE should develop formats and timetables for the separate submission of investment plans by the transmission and distribution utilities . Government will also benefit from this initiative as it will enable government , as owner of the companies , to scrutinize their plans more closely . The plans should demonstrate that the companies have the financial and operational capacity to carry