Low-carbon Economy Roadmap14 ” in 2011 setting out a cost-efficient pathway to make the European economy more climate-friendly and less energy-consuming . The roadmap suggests that , by 2050 , the EU should cut its emissions to 80 % below 1990 levels . Milestones to achieve this are 40 % emissions cuts by 2030 and 60 % by 2040 . All sectors need to contribute to the low-carbon transition according to their technological and economic potential . The EU Low Carbon Economy Roadmap calls for actions in all main sectors responsible for Europe 's emissions – power generation , industry , transport , buildings , construction and agriculture - and significant investments need to be made in :  New low-carbon technologies ;  Renewable energy ;  Energy efficiency and ;  Grid infrastructure . ; Albania has started the process of changing the status from a developing country to a developed country , in the context of the UNFCCC . This process is an integral part of the process of integration into the European Union and involves the development of capacities at the national level for monitoring and annual reporting of Greenhouse Gases ( GHG ) , the formulation and implementation of policies to reduce GHG and climate change adaptation , transposition and implementation of the European Union acquis on climate change . In line with the objectives of the EU 20-20-20 , Albania has set quantitative targets related to energy efficiency ( increase by 6.8 % ) and renewable energy sources ( increase up to 38 % ) within the framework of Energy Community Treaty . These objectives are currently under review within the 2nd revision of the National Energy Efficiency Action Plans In 2014 the Order of the Prime Minister No . 155 , dated 25.04.2014 established an inter-ministerial working group on the coordination of the Ministries tasks , according to the country ’ s obligations on UNFCCC . The group , chaired by the Deputy Minister of Environment , includes the representatives of 12 Albanian Ministries . The group has the mandate , among other things , to draft policies and strategies , ensure inter-institutional coordination for the implementation of climate change activities . In its first NDC , Albania has committing to reduce CO2 emissions by 11.5 % in 2030 compared to the Baseline scenario . Further analysis of this area as well as targets and actions to be taken will be provided in the Integrated Energy and Climate Plan to be prepared together with the Energy Community Secretariat # 3.12.6 MAIN FINDINGS TO ENERGY POLICIES AND KEY RECOMMENDATIONS In order to develop sustainable energy policies according to the needs of the country , international commitments , and the priorities of the Strategy , the Government is working to : 14 COM ( 2011 ) 112 final/2 . Available at : http : //eur-lex.europa.eu/resource.html ? uri=cellar:5db26ecc-ba4e-4de2- ae08-dba649109d18.0002.03/DOC_2 & format=PDF Continue to implement a consolidated set of policies for energy efficiency and renewable energy sources