out the proposed investment plans and be realistic in the light of performance in previous years . It is assumed that there will not be any government cash injection to the sector . Requirement from ERE and government for OSHEE to develop performance improvement plan to reduce losses and increase cash collection , Early 2018 , Government and ERE to instruct OSHEE Jointly ; OSHEE to develop performance improvement plan , for review by government and ERE , First version in June 2018 then updated annually , OSHEE ; Develop sector financial model , By end of 2018 ERE , with external assistance ; Permit higher returns for KESH , In 2018 price approval , Government to approve ; Perform financial restructuring , Complete in 2018 . Final timing depends on performance improvement , Government to authorize , ERE to oversee implementation ; Reschedule submissions to regulator , From 2018 , Government and ERE jointly ; # 3.11.12 EXPERIENCE WITH FEED-IN TARIFFS FOR RES TECHNOLOGIES The electricity tariffs for qualifying RES generators needs to reflect the cost of service , and the recommended strategy for a support schemes according to the RES Law and the respective Council of Ministers Decisions for Small Hydro Power Plans ( SHPPs ) , Photovoltaic Power Plans ( PvPPs ) and Wind Power Plans ( WPPs ) . Tariff setting process is based on a number of important documents : a ) Existing structure of electricity tariffs ; b ) RES Targets for the period 2014-2020 and the impact of RES- support schemes for average electricity tariffs ; and c ) Qualitative analysis of year 2015 on costs and average tariffs . The Technical Annex presents a summary of the core characteristics of support schemes used in a variety of countries in the E & E region . Of the nine countries studies all use feed-in tariffs as support mechanisms except one , where tradable green certificates are being used . The regime of tradable certificates was included in the review as it offers valuable insights to the set-up of alternative support mechanisms . All regimes are a market based support schemes systems . In addition to the obligation of connecting RES generators , most support systems also require suppliers or grid operators to purchase RES generated electricity based on the purchase supporting obligation scheme of RES-e generation . # 3.11.13 PROPOSED SUPPORT METHODOLOGY FOR RES PLANTS The new RES Law specifies that a support schemes system will be introduced that takes into account the type of technology and efficiency of generating equipment . The new RES Law also provides other incentives such as :  Establishment of a national RES target in the total energy final consumption ;  Obligatory connection to the transmission or distribution networks ;  Payment only of the direct costs of connection to the electricity transmission or distribution networks ;  Long-term ( 15 years ) power purchase agreements for the electricity produced from Priority RES power plants up