government ’ s instructions.5 . A trained set of Petroleum Inspectors who will monitor regulatory implementation for compliance and/or remediation . 6 . Structural provisions to ensure that the produced reserves of petroleum are replaced , new deposits discovered , and modern mechanisms of exploitation are utilized . 7 . ISHTI is responsible for Monitoring and quality control of all imported petroleum products , their distribution to the public to ensure that the public is served with sufficient supplies to meet their demands , that their quality meets international standards , the prices to be charged are fair and that there is sufficient storage of product to sustain unexpected delays in the supply chain . 8 . Consolidating the legal framework for the gas sector in line with the Third Energy Package will create a solid basis for supporting policies and projects for the development of the gas sector in Albania , as well as its regional integration in line with the EU practices and standards . 9 . Consolidating the legal framework for the implementation of the Oil Stocks Directive 10 . Preparations for the advent of imported natural gas through the vehicle of the TAP , making possible the integration and supply diversification with energy sources . Most of these facilities currently exist , but require modifications to bring them the capability to implement effective management tools that are in compliance with EU laws . Their structure must be modified to fit the present needs , their mission must be re-defined , and they need to be staffed , managed and well trained . Authority and responsibilities must be quantified and secondary legislation written to define these new vehicles . # 3.8.2 ENERGY REGULATORY AUTHORITY ( ERE ) The Energy Regulatory Authority is an independent public body that is the single authority responsible for regulation of electricity and the natural gas sector as well . With the passing of the Law on Natural Gas Sector in September 2015 , ERE has certified TAP AG pursuant to the tailor-made independent Transmission Operator ( ITO ) model elaborated under the Final Joint Opinion of the Energy Regulators on TAP ’ s exemption application in February 2016 . TAP must finalize and prove its full compliance with the ITO rules under the EU Directive prior to the commencement of commercial operation , scheduled to take place by 31 December 2020 . ERE certified AlbGaz as a Combined Operator of natural gas ( Decision No . 179 , date 08.11.2017 ) . # 3.8.3 MINISTRY OF INFRASTRUCTURE AND ENERGY ( MIE ) The MIE has overall responsibility to manage the existing concessions of the National Oil Company ( ALBPETROL ) and those that have been granted to the foreign PSA-holding companies . A secondary objective to develop the future reserves through the promotion of private investment in an environmentally responsible and financially transparent manner . The legal climate for these investments needs to further be improved , including the appropriate petroleum regulations