and financed through a Contract for Differences ( CfD ) scheme . Albania was one of the first countries in the South-East European region to introduce auctions for renewable energy projects and has since successfully tendered PV projects at competitive prices . ;  Net-metering is eligible for small to medium-size solar and wind systems of up to 500 kW . ;  Certain customs duty exemptions apply for machinery and equipment used in the construction of all power plants , including both renewable and conventional power plants . ; # Core Challenges for the integration of further renewable capacity # Strengthening the distribution network Power generation from renewable energy sources fluctuates and is naturally variable . This requires more sophisticated network infrastructure and operation that can handle bidirectional energy flows and changing supply profiles . Particularly in high-demand centres such as the capital Tirana , the Albanian distribution grid lacks sufficient capacity and dynamic operation to handle variable electricity injection . This severely hampers the successful integration of renewable energy sources in the country . # Improving support mechanisms for renewable energy While minimizing land use and enabling prosumer schemes , small-scale renewable energy projects such as rooftop PV are often less cost-effective than utility-scale wind or solar PV parks . Considering this , a revision of the existing support landscape for RE in Albania would foster the deployment of small-scale projects in the country . # Ensuring bankability of project proposals Renewable Energy investments are relatively capital intensive and require long time frames to amortize costs , which are almost exclusively based on energy prices . Although the technology is well developed , long time frames and uncertain market conditions result in relatively high investment risks . Further de-risking of renewable energy projects would entice private investment and accelerate development . Thoroughly developed planning and financial instruments such as Power Purchase Agreements , for example , would inspire confidence and stimulate international investment in renewable energy in Albania . # Key Actors in the Albanian Energy Sector  Ministry of Infrastructure and Energy ( MIE ) for Strategic development of energy sector , including policy development ;  National Agency of Natural Resources ( AKBN ) for Monitors economic activities that deal with natural resources ;  Energy Efficiency Agency Policy for development , energy auditing , implementation of energy efficiency programmes ;  Ministry of Tourism and Environment Environmental for protection , coordination of national climate change mitigation ;  National Environmental Agency Environmental for impact assessments of power projects , inter alia ;  Ministry of Agriculture , Rural Development and Water Administration responsible for water use permits for hydropower projects , inter alia ;  Energy Regulatory Authority ( ERE ) as Regulator of electricity and gas markets ;  Transmission System Operator ( OST ) as Operator of the high-voltage transmission system network ;  Electricity Distribution System Operator ( OSHEE ) as Operator of the low-medium voltage distribution system network ;  Albania