for Sustainable Development and trusted impartial partner , UNDP will continue to liaise with the Government , donors and international institutions to mobilize financing to support economic transformation and eradication of multidimensional poverty ; and establish systems that address risks , disasters and social injustice within the Sustainable Development Goals . Work at the local level and partnerships within the United Nations and across society position UNDP well to support aspirations to join the European Union and attain the outcomes of the United Nations Sustainable Development Cooperation Framework ( UNSDCF ) . 6 . The summary7 of the previous country programme ’ s performance concluded that UNDP support to development remains highly relevant in Albania . It is viewed as an innovative thought leader drawing on international experiences , with the ability to convene different stakeholders underpinning its integrator role for the 2030 Agenda through : ( a ) technical expertise , offering integrated and cross-sectoral solutions , combining policy and regulatory advice with capacity development ; ( b ) a strong and agile operational presence ; ( c ) established multi-stakeholder partnerships on priorities for European Union accession and the Sustainable Development Goals ; and ( d ) trusted relations with all institutions . 7 UNDP Albania country programme performance summary 2017-2021 . The theory of change underpinning the country programme is that innovative approaches to inclusive , climate-friendly , gender-sensitive , sustainable growth in new competitive sectors , coupled with transparent , accountable governance systems , will boost jobs and businesses , identify investment opportunities , increase resilience and address interconnected vulnerabilities of climate , health and social injustice . UNDP will focus on local-level actions that together with national datasets and research , will inform national strategies and build forward better , particularly for those left behind . 8 . Those left behind include women , children from low-income households , single parent households , persons with disabilities , the Roma and Egyptian communities , refugees , migrants , isolated rural communities , the elderly and bisexual , transgender , queer and intersex persons . Women who work in the care economy and in addition belong to minority groups and lack education , are the most vulnerable . Discrimination , stigmatization and gender-based violence are prevalent . Through a portfolio approach , UNDP will target these groups and increase social cohesion and social protection , in partnership with national and local governments , United Nations agencies and civil society . UNDP will partner with United Nations agencies on joint programmes related to leaving no one behind , strategic policy options for Sustainable Development Goal financing and ending violence against women . 9 . The UNDP integration offer includes innovation , thematic expertise and financing for renewables and energy efficiency in line with Government ’ s plans to provide safe , affordable and clean energy to citizens ; and for raising the national ambitions to combat climate change and increase resilience to natural and human-induced risks . UNDP