sector . # 3.10 INCENTIVES FOR ENERGY EFFICIENCY INVESTMENT Given the importance of energy efficiency ( EE ) measures , which includes RES use on the demand side , specific financing measures and fiscal incentives were examined based on best practices identified by old and new EU Member States . Table 8 shows the types of incentives that have been implemented by EU Member States in order to help achieve the targets set up in their various NEEAPs . The EU member States database describes both the measures and statistical evidence of how well the measures have performed . The applicability of successfully implemented schemes and mechanisms in the EU Member States has been examined taking into account the specifics of Albania ’ s conditions . The details of this assessment , which supports the recommendations in this chapter , can be found in the Technical Annex . # 3.10.1 GENERAL RECOMMENDATIONS This chapter proposes recommendations for financing mechanisms and fiscal incentives in Albania to support the sustainable implementation of the Second NEEAP as well as to implement all measures presented under the EE Scenario presented in Section 1 of this strategy . No single measure is going to diminish the challenges which Albania is facing . Only a comprehensive package of awareness and information on legal , financial , fiscal and institutional measures will gradually improve the situation and bring Albania closer to modern standards in the energy efficiency field . Such a package should include :  Transposition and adoption of technical regulations and other secondary legislation , which should be prepared in the following short term period ;  Fully staffed and operational Energy Efficiency Agency , as leading implementing body .  Capacity building at all levels ;  Continuous awareness raising campaigns ;  Permanent advice and technical information on EE for all energy consumers ;  Establishment of the Energy Efficiency Fund shall be a legal person , having the status of a nonprofit organization and an energy tax as a source of income for the energy efficiency fund ;  The Fund aims to provide financial support and project management for developing a market of energy efficiency improvement and supporting programs for final customers with high-cost and high-risk investments . ;  The Fund shall be used to promote energy efficiency improvement programs , energy service companies , independent energy experts , energy auditors , energy distributors , distribution system ; operators , retail energy sales companies and installers of efficient equipment  Grants for low cost EE investments for vulnerable groups , ;  Energy audits of public buildings ;  Grants for energy audits of multi-apartment buildings , commercial services and industry , ;  Loans at lower interest rates from IFIs for EE investment in public buildings , ;  Investment deduction for selected EE investments , ;  Detailed studies on appropriate fiscal mechanisms to support EE investments , especially related to VAT reduction for selected EE investments the