with Bankers Petroleum ( a Canadian oil company ) driving almost the entire increase . There is little or no production of domestic natural gas . However , the steady decline of oil prices in the international market has caused a corresponding decline in oil production and investment in the sector in the past two years . China-based Geo Jade Petroleum Corporation has recently bought Bankers Petroleum for approximately $ 440 million . The elements of government management over the oil and gas sector are dispersed through many ministries , agencies and public sector entities , resulting in an ad hoc approach to policy , which needs to be focused to meet the specialized needs of the oil and gas sector . Institutional reforms are critical to improve the management force needed to effectively direct the rational development of nation ’ s current oil and gas sector . Albania ’ s decision to apply for membership in the European Union requires that the management of Albania ’ s oil and gas sector be brought into conformity with the EU Directives . This process , which is also driven by the imminent arrival of Caspian natural gas via the Trans Adriatic Pipeline transiting Albania to Italy , will require a major restructuring of the government ’ s ability to manage to the processes of gas purchase , distribution and sales to the domestic market . . Albgaz Sh.a , is a joint stock company that has been incorporated , stocks fully owned by the Albanian State , with the functions of a combined gas transmission and distribution system operator in the Republic of Albania . As part of the transition required to join the EU , Albania became compliant under the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative ( EITI ) in May 2013 . The Government plans to use this as a platform for enhancing governance , transparency and accountability within the energy sector . It also plans on using it as a vehicle to strengthen the legal and institutional framework in the extractive industries and as a tool for removing the large regulatory barriers to economic agents that impede growth and job creation , by strengthening the legal and institutional framework in these subsectors . # 3.8.1 CURRENT NEEDS To function effectively , the government requires the following facilities : 1 . The Directorate for Strategies and Policies of Industry and Energy of MIE should develop mechanisms for appropriate petroleum policy . 2 . AKBN , Albpetrol and ALBGAZ are responsible to organize the structures to supervise the implementation of these policies in an acceptable fashion and ensure their compliance with existing laws , regulations and contractual agreements . 3 . The petroleum law has been successfully amended in February 2017 and the associated legal documents that reflects these policies , current international petroleum practices compliant with EU Standards . 4 . A composite list of Petroleum Regulations that ensure that policy implementation progresses in an acceptable fashion , according to the