regional coupled electricity market . This project , which is a Project of Mutual Interest , would have the following benefits :  Reduced electricity system costs through more efficient utilization of cross-border capacity between Albania and Kosovo . ;  Improved security of electricity supply , especially given existing problems with blackouts and in some cases of load shedding . ;  Greater utilization of the existing generation capacities and improved generating diversity . ;  Improved power system control and system reserve by combining thermal ( base ) generation in Kosovo and hydropower ( peak ) capacities in Albania . ;  Improved regional integration of Albania ’ s power market that could lead to further market coupling in line with the WB 6 commitments ;  Improved competition and market efficiency due to increased market size . The following strategic metrics were selected because of their relationship to the long-term strategic objectives . Each metrics is the change from the Baseline scenario for the following model outputs :  Percentage of renewable energy utilization ;  Reduction in energy-related CO2 emissions ; ;  Level of final energy consumption , ;  Level of electricity generation ; and ;  Level of utilization of cross-border capacity ;  Fraction of energy imports in the total energy supply ;  Level of natural gas penetration into the total primary energy supply ;  Energy intensity of GDP . ; ; # 3.2 RESULTS OF ENERGY SCENARIOS ANALYSIS In order to identify a national strategy that supports the best interests of the country and its citizens/consumers , each of the energy scenarios was evaluated against the strategic objectives mentioned above using the strategic metrics that were extracted from the Albania-LEAP model results . Each of these scenarios shows what is possible in the Albanian energy system under different policies . They quantify the potential changes that would likely results from specific policy changes using the Baseline scenario as a comparison point , and are not a precise prediction of the future . The following section summarizes the scenarios results against each of the strategic metrics . # 3.2.1 ENERGY CONSUMPTION TRENDS From 2009-2016 , , final energy consumption in Albania expanded from 1,871 ktoe to 2,060 ktoe , an increase of approximately 10.13 percent , but the growth was not consistent during the years . As shown in Figure 3 , final energy consumption in Albania increased gradually between 2009 and 2011 before decreasing in 2012 , coinciding with a slowdown in the Albanian economy . However , energy consumption rebounded sharply in 2013 , in spite of slow GDP growth . This was mainly due to increased residential demand . Energy consumption increased significantly in 2014 , driven primarily by the iron and steel industrial sectors . The projections for the growth of energy consumption in Albania for the period 2014-2030 , for each scenario are shown in the Figure 4 , along with the projected GDP growth