It is projected that such new entity will serve simultaneously as a combined transmission system operator and supply system operator of natural gas in Albania . According to the DCM , MIE is appointed as the public authority which represents the state stakeholder ’ s rights in the share capital of ALBPETROL Sh.A . On the other hand , the Ministry of Economy , Tourism , Trade and Entrepreneurship is appointed to represents the state stakeholder ’ s rights in the share capital of ALBGAZ Sh.A . Art . 7 of this DCM sets out the obligation of the new entity ALBGAZ Sh.A . to apply to ERE for the certificate of the transmission system operator according to Art . 37 of the Natural Gas Sector Law No . 102/2015 . In addition , it is required to obtain the license of the combined system operator of natural gas pursuant to the procedures of Art . 22 , 23 and 24 of the same law . ; # Other relevant legislation connected or related to the energy sector :  Amendment of the Law on Concessions and Public Private Partnership No . 77/2015 , was approved by the Albanian parliament in July 2015 . It provides for liberalization of the energy market , increases competition , and encourages the development of renewable resources as well as the attraction of foreign investments . Specifically , the amendments of this law exclude the applicability of the concession and Public Private Partnership ( PPP ) tender procedures for the construction and operation of renewable energy sources up to 2MW according to the Law on Renewable Energy Sources No . 138/2013 . ;  DCM no . 575 , dated 10.07 . 2013 “ On approval of evaluation rules and award of concessions/public-private partnership ” defines the detailed procedures and requirements for the evaluation and award of concession applications for hydropower plants . ;  DCM no . 416 , dated 13.05.2015 “ On approval of the general and special conditions , accompanying documents , term of validity , application forms for authorization and permit , procedures for the revision of decision-making process and permit authorization forms for the use of water resources ” , defines the specific conditions and procedures for reviewing and decision-making to grant an authorization or permit for use of water resources , including the use of water for construction of hydropower plants . ; # 3.12.3 INTERNATIONAL AGREEMENTS AND STATUS OF IMPLEMENTATION In 1997 , Albania ratified the Energy Charter Treaty and the Protocol on Energy Efficiency and Related Environmental Aspects ( PEEREA ) , which committed the government to draft and implement policies for improving energy efficiency and reducing the negative environmental effects of the energy system . The aim of PEEREA is that contracting parties , including Albania , shall cooperate by assisting each other in developing and implementing energy efficiency policies , laws and regulations . In fulfilling its commitments under PEEREA , Albania presented a