, and vi ) establish a formula for the calculation of any additional RES Surcharge on end-user ’ s electricity price for all electricity consumers in Albania . The new RES Law specifies that the support will be given under a contract for differences ( CfD ) that provides a variable premium calculated as the difference payment between an administratively prefixed price ( the strike price ) and a measure of the market price for electricity ( the reference price ) .  The strike price ( support schemes level ) has to be calculated in such a way as to make a significant volume of a particular renewable energy technology economically viable and as such incentivize investment decisions . The reference price is a price which is based on Albanian Power Exchange ( APEX ) price or before on comparable wholesale market price in a given period . To ensure that the renewable energy producers are not being overcompensated , the off-takers are obliged to pay the difference between the reference price and the strike price to the CfD . ;  Financial support under a contract for difference ( CfD ) and the level of such support is in principle to be determined via a competitive , non-discriminatory bidding process ( auction ) to become a qualified producer of electricity from renewable energy sources . ;  CfD ’ s will have a duration of 15 years . ; The relationships among and the role of market participants in the physical operation of the Market Model are defined by agreements between the individual participants and the Albanian Power Exchange ( APE ) and TSO , or regulated through applicable standard bilateral agreements . All RES power plants are divided in two groups : all RES plants with installed capacity lower than 2 MW will not have any balancing responsibility ; and all RES plants with installed capacity greater than 2 MW will have balancing responsibility . Any fine/fee/penalty that will be imposed for not meeting balancing responsibility and how it will be decided under draft RES Law by Decision of Council of Ministers , which will be needed to be drafted and approved for practical implementation of the APE and future RES Law requirements . The Technical Annex provides detailed proposals for the methodology of calculating strike price for specific RES technologies . Table 11 presents the strategic recommendation to be taken into consideration during the calculation of supporting scheme based on the new RES Law . # 3.12 ALIGNING ALBANIAN ENERGY LEGISLATION WITH ENERGY COMMUNITY AND EU DIRECTIVES Albania ’ s energy sector is governed by primary and secondary legislation . In line with its commitments under the Energy Community acquis and as part of its strategic objective to accede to the EU , the Government of Albania has worked to align its legislation with the legal framework of the EU . The government aims to establish clear and transparent responsibilities for the implementation of the Acquis