not expected before 2018 and will be performed in phases according to the voltage level ;  Price Regulation : complete phase out is not expected before 2019 , ;  Public Service Obligations : compliant methodologies for operations have not been adopted nor implemented by ERE ;  Eligibility : the distribution network tariffs are not cost-based relative to the voltage level and the conditions for supplier switching still need to be practically implemented , ;  Protection of Vulnerable Customers : rules on conditions for termination of the supply to this customer class are not developed . ; # 3.13.5 PRIORITY ACTIONS Although the approval of new Power Sector Law and Albanian Market Model are the right step towards implementation of EU acquis , a number of other activities are required to fully comply with them , which would enable further integration of the Albanian electricity market to the European market . These steps would include :  Deregulation of wholesale prices and contracts ( KESh –OShEE ) ;  Development and adoption of market rules , including market participation criteria , standard contracts , settlement rules , etc . for functioning of the day-ahead market ;  Revise grid codes reflecting the market developments ;  Adoption of the rules for security of supply ;  Development and adoption of transparent balancing mechanism with the final goal of establishing a competitive balancing market ; Full unbundling of distribution function from retail supply function to be actually carried out by OSHEE . The Law 43/2015 of 30.04.2015 in its Article 72 stipulates that the legal and functional unbundling of distribution from the supply activity should be finalised by 31 December 2017 .  The Distribution System Operator ( DSO ) prepared the unbundling plan and selected COM METODI S.P.A. as company as the consulting company for the unbundling process . The unbundling model was approved by the Supervisory Council of OSHEE S.A. with the Decision No 65 date 19.12.2016 “ On approval of the corporate model ” and also by the Minister of Energy and Industry as the General Assembly of the Company . The functional unbundling of distribution activity from the supply one is in progress and will be finalized by the end of 2018. ;  Creation and training of the structure responsible for operating the day-ahead market ;  Revision of transmission and distribution tariff methodologies with the goal to create nondiscriminative access conditions for all market participants and enable both system operators to cover their reasonable costs of service ;  Gradual elimination of regulation of public generation price ;  Development and adoption of rules for protection of customers interests , including specific rules for vulnerable customers ;  Strengthening of independence and market monitoring capacities of the ERE ;  Make the necessary amendments to Power Sector Law and to secondary legislation to enable market coupling of Albania with other markets from neighboring countries starting with Kosovo . ; # 3.13.6 GAS