Albania . Rather than focusing on company size , the criteria the Albanian government should use for assessing potential investors should be the qualifications and experience of companies in the oil and gas industry , supplemented by a competitive process for license access . The time would appear to be right for Albania to shift course and invite investors to bid for licenses on a competitive basis . # 1.6 STATUS OF ENERGY SECTOR ALIGNMENT WITH EU ACQUIS In line with its obligations under the Energy Community and as part of Albania ’ s strategic objective to accede to the EU , the Government has worked to align its legislation with the legal framework of the EU , and aims to establish clear and transparent responsibilities for the implementation of EU Acquis . The relevant primary legislation includes the Power Sector Law No . 43/2015 , the Natural Gas Sector Law No . 102/2015 , the Energy Efficiency Law No . 124/2015 , the Renewable Energy Sources Law No . 8/2017 , the Law No . 68/2012 “ On Information of the Consumption of Energy and Other Resources by Energy-Related Products ” , and the Law on Energy Performance of Buildings No . 116/2016 . In line with the EU legislation and the EC Treaty , the Albanian Government has developed and adopted the respective National Action Plans for Energy Efficiency and RES . Also , the national energy regulatory authority ( ERE ) already issued a significant set of secondary regulatory acts . However , important regulations and secondary legislation , which are necessary for the full application of these laws , have yet to be developed , and the Government and ERE should continue to develop and implement regulations and secondary legislation for energy efficiency and renewable energy sources ; improve strategic planning for physical capacities , financial requirements and budgetary implications of the energy sector ; ensure that the goals of loss reduction and full bill collection are completed by OShEE ; ensure unbundling of OShEE and speed up the implementation of the energy acquis considering that faster implementation will facilitate much needed investments and influence the local market towards sustainable energy objectives . Near-term priorities for the future include developing secondary legislation and regulations for implementing the Law on Energy Performance of Buildings , the Law on Energy Efficiency , amending the Power Sector Law and adoption of the secondary legislation for establishing and functioning of the Albanian Power Exchange , the electricity market coupling with Kosovo and other neighboring countries , developing and adoption of the secondary legislation for implementation of the RES law , and developing and approving a specific regulation transposing the EU Regulation no.347/2013 on guidelines for TransEuropean Energy Infrastructure A special attention will be devoted to the implementation of the obligations established under the Council Directive 2009/119/EC of 14.09.2009 on maintaining minimum stocks of crude oil and/or petroleum products and the law no.8450 , dated 24.02.1999 “ On refining , transportation