hydropower , and imported electricity as shown in Figure 1 , which shows that imports of oil by products , electricity and a small amount of coal comprise over 56 % of all primary energy consumption . Figure 2 shows that the transport sector consumes the most final energy , followed by households and industry , and the three dominant final energy fuels are oil products , electricity and wood . The figures illustrate the following characteristics of the Albanian energy sectors : - The heavy dependence on oil imports ; - The importance of hydro power ; - The large transport sector share of energy consumption ; - The absence of a natural gas sources . ; Electricity generation has been historically met almost exclusively by hydropower plants , with a total installed power capacity of 2,011 MW at the end of 2016 . The country has exploited approximately 50 % of its hydropower potential , and future expansion of hydropower capacity is possible mainly along the Drini , Mati , Vjosa , Devolli , and Bistrica rivers . The only thermal power plant , Vlora TPP , is not yet operational , and its conversion to natural gas is foreseen following construction of the Trans Adriatic Pipeline ( TAP ) . Albania imports electricity from neighboring countries , although imports have progressively dropped in the last ten years following the increase in domestic power generation and the reduction in of ( technical and non-technical ) electricity losses in the distribution system , which have been reduced from 45 % in 2013 to 28 % by the end of 2016 with a clear investment and management plan to reduce them further to 17 % by the end of 2020 . Albania ’ s electricity market is under transition from a centrally planned to a market-based system . The wholesale power market is dominated by the state-owned , regulated generation company KESh , which supplies to OshEE the electricity needed for captive customers under regulated “ full supply ” condition . The competitive wholesale environment consists of independent producers and a small number of large customers supplied through bilateral contracts . # 1.5 LEGAL AND INSTITUTIONAL REFORMS IN THE ENERGY SECTOR The Ministry of Energy and Industry , together with all other energy stakeholders , are working to fulfill their commitments to implement the Third Energy Package . In addition , Albania had the first gas transmission system operator , TAP AG , certified under Third Energy Package procedures , which has laid the groundwork for development of a gas market via the Trans Adriatic Pipeline . ERE also certified the second gas transmission system operator , Albgaz , on 8 Nov 2017 The new Power Sector Law transposing the Third Energy Package in the electricity sector was adopted in April 2015 and entered into force on 13 June 2015 . A draft Law on some amendments of the Power Sector Law is currently in the process of being approved