more energy-efficient , increase the potential of the forestry sector for removal of greenhouse gasses , and support the country ’ s green growth trajectory . UNDP will support promotion of nature-based tourism that sustains livelihoods and protected areas , while improving ecosystem services and financial sustainability . 19 . UNDP will support entities to have improved systems and capacities to design and implement innovative policies , particularly in relation to qualitative skills development that promotes a digital economy , entrepreneurship and competitive green businesses . UNDP will focus on integrated multisectoral solutions that provide : the necessary skills , vocational education and training ; access to decent jobs and innovative technology ; sustainable livelihoods ; and business opportunities . With young people ( aged 15-24 ) comprising 25 per cent of the population , UNDP will continue to promote youth as productive human capital and partner with labour-market stakeholders to boost employment and entrepreneurship . UNDP will consolidate reforms , strengthen capacities , address skills mismatch and increase labour force participation especially for women and young people , persons with disabilities , Roma and Egyptian communities and the long-term unemployed . 20 . With inclusive growth being a key driver for reducing vulnerability and building resilience , particularly for the poor and most disadvantaged , UNDP will continue to support policies and measures leading to an expedited economic recovery and increased competitiveness and productivity of ( female-led ) micro , small and medium-sized enterprises . UNDP will work towards improved environments for digital innovation through support for data-driven innovations , bringing higher education closer to the labour market and supporting new course curricula for future skills . Increasing vocational education and training to match labour market demands and integrating small and medium-sized enterprises in global value chains are additional strategies . A vision and road maps for green growth and a blue economy will be formulated , thus ensuring growth that protects natural resources . 21 . To contribute to a strengthened risk and disaster management system , UNDP will assist the Government in driving policies and actions that focus on prevention and reduction of disaster-related risks , increasing resilience of infrastructures , ecosystems and society , and enabling adaptive capacities , all as a means to reduce the long-term vulnerability of the population and protect development investments , particularly in at-risk areas . With a “ knowing better , losing less ” approach , UNDP will focus on local-level risk assessments , utilizing data and knowledge in parallel with prevention measures . Raising the national ambition to combat climate change , increasing resilience to natural and human-induced risk , and gender-responsive disaster strategies remain priorities . 22 . Effective , people-centred governance , human rights , rule of law and gender equality . UNDP will broaden partnerships for a stronger good governance framework , in line with the National Public Administration Reform Strategy . UNDP will foster a citizencentred , gender-sensitive , inclusive approach , while further developing