to 15 MW installed capacity will remain the same . However , the support scheme will be based on a contract for differences . ERE will prepare the respective secondary legislation for their implementation . ;  Obligatory off-take of the electricity produced from Priority RES power plants ; In addition , all RES plants with installed capacity higher than 2 MW will now have balancing responsibilities . As a result of these measures , interest in RES power plants has grown considerably and new plants have started to be constructed – initially small hydropower and photovoltaic power plants , which are the bestknown and available technologies . In addition , several investors have started to request authorizations for wind turbines as well as biomass power plants . A key component of the new RES law is a new tariff methodology which is the result of a study ERE had undertaken in June 2017 to define the most appropriate methodology . Because the private sector has been identified as the key player in the development of the RES sector , the focus of the methodology was to consider the rate of return on the project from the viewpoint of the private investor . Hence the study came to the conclusion that the result of a long run marginal unit cost ( LRMC ) analysis should be the basis on which the feed in tariff for each type of qualifying RES power plant must be based . The study concluded that :  The EU targets for renewable energy share can only be met by a significant share of new SHPPs , the utilization of solar energy for providing heat and electricity , traditional and new industrial ; biomass resources , and wind power plants , which requires mobilization of the private sector .  The level of investment needed will requires considerable involvement from private investors who are looking for an attractive rate of return on their investment . ;  Given the current market conditions : 7-10 years loan maturity , 2 years grace , a rate of return on equity 15-16 % should make an investment attractive to this sector ; The new RES Law requires the Council of Ministers to approve , based on the proposal of ERE , the methodology for establishing the support schemes for Priority Producers of SHPPs , PvPPs , WPPs , BioGas PPs . It is important that the methodology ( i ) allow the recovery of the investments in the installation using the currently available renewable energy technology with reasonable profit , ( ii ) determine the maximum installation size for each type of qualifying RES technology , ( iii ) determine the total installed capacity for each type of RES technology that will benefit from the support schemes , ( iv ) take into account the social and economic impacts of the support scheme on consumers , ( v ) include an indexation formula to cover inflation for each year