● Support efforts to attract international retailers into the market . ; ● Investigate options to reduce logistics costs in the petroleum sector through refurbishment of disused pipeline and rail infrastructure as well as road-building programs , where appropriate . ; ● Support proposals that might emerge from the refinery owner to reorient its operations . ; ● Exempt fossil fuels used in the refinery operations from the levy of excise duty . ; ● Undertake a feasibility study on renovating the existing refineries or building new skidmounted mini-refineries ; # 3.8.7 NATIONAL AGENCY OF ENVIRONMENT The National Agency of Environment ( NAE ) is an institution subordinated to the Ministry of Environment , which is responsible for reviewing and approving the environmental impact assessment reports for different projects carried out by licensed environmental experts for issuing the environmental permits . Although not a direct report to the MIE , the NAE is responsible for much of the important environmental regulatory work dealing with MIE-related project construction ( such as the TAP , and possible rehabilitation of Ballsh and Fieri refineries . # 3.8.8 NATIONAL AGENCY OF NATURAL RESOURCES ( AKBN ) AKBN is an independent agency reporting to the MIE and is responsible for the development and supervision of the exploitation of national natural resources based on government policies . AKBN is also responsible for monitoring post-exploitation cleanup in the mining , hydrocarbons and hydropower sectors . AKBN 's competencies have been redefined more specifically through the amendment to the Law no . 7746/1993 `` On hydrocarbons ” ( Exploration and Production ) , approved in February 2017 . # 3.8.9 STATE TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRY INSPECTORATE ( STII ) STII is an agency reporting to the MIE that is responsible for preserving the public safety aspects of goods in the marketplace , focusing on electrical appliances , pressure vessels ( especially LPG tanks for households and small business ) . STII is also responsible for public safety aspects of equipment used in power generation , transportation and distribution . Quality control of imported hydrocarbon fuels is included within the mandate of the Inspectorate , but skilled personnel and lack of adequate appropriate testing equipment has hampered these efforts . Although focused predominantly on the electric power sector , as STII has responsibilities in preserving the safety in gas infrastructure as well , the capacity building of this Inspectorate should be one of the near term priorities of MIE . # National Agency of Environment Continues monitoring for upstream and downstream oil and gas activities with the main goal to follow strictly Environmental Mitigation and Management Plan for each oil and gas company . # National Agency of Natural Resources ( AKBN ) ● Develop and implement clear demarcation between agencies as to who is responsible for energy sector planning and statistics if EU compliance is to be assured ; ● Develop secondary legislation for the collection of energy data in general and oil products in particular , including MOS