POWER SECTOR INSTITUTIONS Figure 12 presents an overview of the key power sector institutions and companies in Albania :  Government and regulatory actors , which include government and ministries , the regulator , and agencies to whom ministries delegate specific sector responsibilities ;  Public sector companies , such as KESh , OST , and OShEE , who are currently major players ;  Line of oversight from the relevant ministry to each public sector company , reflecting the recent shift in oversight for OST to the Ministry of Economic Development to meet the unbundling requirements of the acquis . # 3.7.1 GOVERNMENTAL INSTITUTIONS The most significant institutions in setting policy and regulation in the power sector in Albania are the Ministry of Infrastructure and Energy ( “ MIE ” ) and the regulator , the Energy Regulatory Authority ( “ ERE ” ) . In addition to MIE and ERE there are a number of ministries that have a smaller role in the sector , and also a number of government agencies with responsibilities with respect to the power sector that are delegated to them by the ministries . Council of Ministers : The Council of Ministers is the cabinet of Albania , which along with the Prime Minister sets the overall direction for policy across the government . Specifically in the energy sectors , its role is review and approval of decisions that are proposed by MIE , such as this Energy Strategy , before the decisions can go into force . Ministry of Infrastructure and Energy ( MIE ) : MIE has overall responsible for the energy sector and is responsible for developing energy policy and the medium and long-term strategies for the energy sector . MIE ’ s key area of focus in the power sector is continuing to make progress in implementing reforms to align Albanian policy and regulation with the EU ’ s energy acquis . This process is now well under way with the recent passing of the Law on the Power Sector , the EE Law , Energy Performance in Building Law and RES Law . Ministry through its Energy Efficiency Agency ( EE Agency ) and Energy Efficiency Fund ( EE Fund ) is involved in some of the reforms being implemented to improve energy efficiency , specifically in implementation of the Energy Performance in Buildings ( “ EPB ” ) Law . While MIE is the ministry most engaged in the sector , there are a number of other Government ministries that work with MIE in setting the overall policy agenda for the sector . These ministries , and the actions that they will need to take to implement the new laws , are set out below , and all government priority actions are summarized in Table 1 . Ministry of Finance and Economy : ( “ MoFE ” ) includes the Directorate of Public Property , which oversees the economic and financial performance of state enterprises , including