Power Exchange ( ALPEX ) as Market operator of Day-Ahead and Intra-Day markets in Albania and Kosovo ;  Albanian Power Corporation ( KESH ) as public electricity supplier ( currently subject to liberalisation ) ;  Albania Energy Association represents the interests of Albanian and international energy producers ;  Albanian Renewable Energy Association ( AREA ) represents the interests of renewable energy producers in Albania ; # Upcoming Hard Talk on the uptake of renewables in Albania As part of the UNECE RE-Uptake Project 2021 , a “ Hard Talk ” on the uptake , integration & harmonisation of renewables in Albania will be held with members of the Albanian and international energy community on July 6th and 7th , 2021 . The “ Hard Talk ” is a discussion format on current topics of renewable energy with the objective to identify the best methods for realising the potential of renewable energy in the respective country . # Sources IRENA , Renewables Readiness Assessment : Albania , 2021 IRENA , Renewable Energy Prospects for Central and South-Eastern Europe Energy Connectivity ( CESEC ) , 2020 IRENA , Cost-competitive renewable power generation : Potential across South East Europe , 2017 EBRD , Albania ’ s solar tender generates competitive price , 2020 IEA , Country Profile Albania , 2021 REN21 , UNECE Renewable Energy Status Report , 2017 Dena , Status and perspectives for renewable energy development in the UNECE region , 2017 In cooperation with Publisher : Date : 6/2021 Deutsche Energie-Agentur GmbH ( dena ) German Energy Agency All rights reserved . Any use is subject to consent by dena . Chausseestrasse 128 a 10115 Berlin , Germany Tel : +49 ( 0 ) 30 66 777-0 Fax : +49 ( 0 ) 30 66 777-699 E-mail : info @ dena.de Ittdd/ This publication and associated works of the UNECE RE-Uptake Project was commissioned by the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy . Through various projects , dena supports the German government in implementing energy and climate policy goals . UNECE : The United Nations Economic Commission for Europe is one of the five regional commissions under the jurisdiction of the United Nations Economic and Social Council . All activities relating to the Hard Talks are implemented in close cooperation with the UNECE Secretariat . REN21 : REN21 is the global community of renewable energy stakeholders from Science , academia , governments , NGOs and industry . They provide upto-date facts , figures and peer-reviewed analysis on global developments in technology , policy and markets , to inform decision makers .