and commercial customers ;  Potential to reduce final energy demand by 19.4 % , , close to the NEEAP target ;  Potential to reduce GHG emissions by 28 % compared to the Baseline scenario ;  Potential to reduce electricity generation requirements by at least 31 % , and ;  Potential to reduce the Energy Intensity of GDP by 18 % ;  Potential to increase penetration of the TAP ’ s natural gas in Albanian primary energy supply from 0.36 % in 2015 to the 19.81 % in 2030 ; # 2.4.2 OTHER POLICIES & OBJECTIVES Implementing this Energy Strategy will increase the security of Albania ’ s energy supply and begin to integrate the Albanian energy market into regional , the Energy Community and the European markets . This Strategy supports the country ’ s overall economic development goals , and is based on an optimal energy scenario that balances national interests with those of the different energy sub-sectors . In addition , the strategy is designed to support social development goals , by increasing employment through promotion of the green energy sector , stimulating competition in the Albanian energy market , ensuring supply stability by moving towards regional markets , increasing the welfare for energy consumers , and minimizing adverse impacts to the environment . Albania has signed the Paris Agreement on the 22nd of April 2016 in New York , entering in the new era of the climate international policy process . In fact , Albania joined the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) in 1995 , and the Kyoto Protocol in 2005 . Albania has started the process of changing the status from a developing country to a developed country , in the context of the UNFCCC . This process is an integral part of the process of integration into the European Union and involves the development of capacities at the national level for monitoring and annual reporting of Greenhouse Gases ( GHG ) , the formulation and implementation of policies to reduce GHG and climate change adaptation , transposition and implementation of the European Union acquis on climate change . In line with the objectives of the EU 20-20-20 , Albania has submitted its National Determined Contribution within the Paris Agreement process in September 2015 , committing itself to reduce CO2 emissions compared to the baseline scenario in the period of 2016 and 2030 by 11.5 % . The level of National Determined Contribution will be reviewed and further elaborated upon in the Integrated Energy and Climate Plan to be developed and adopted in 2018 . # 3 . ANALYSIS OF POLICIES AND MAIN PRODUCTS # 3.1 APPROACH TO ANALYSIS OF ALBANIAN ENERGY SECTOR SCENARIOS The analysis of future development pathways for the Albania energy sector was performed using the Albania-LEAP model , a proven tool used previously by the Albanian Government and commonly used by other countries in the region and globally . The Albania-LEAP model