function as a commercial company . However , KESH is still largely regulated under public service obligations , because major part of the production is allocated to OShEE for supply of tariff customers . Transmission System Operator , OST : OST is the Transmission System Operator ( “ TSO ” ) in Albania managing the network at 110 kV and above . On implementation of the power sector reforms OST will have three main roles :  It will remain owner and operator of the transmission network – the reforms will have relatively little impact on this role on a day-to-day basis . ;  It is initially likely to own the Albanian Power Exchange , which will be the primary trading platform for the organized power market in the competitive market . This is a new role in the Albanian market that OST will need to build capacity for . ;  OST will continue to be responsible for balancing of the system through the procurement of balancing and ancillary services . ; Distribution Company , OShEE : OShEE owns the electricity power distribution system below 110 kV . OShEE is a single legal entity that includes both the Distribution System Operator ( “ DSO ” ) and the Universal Service Provider . In 2009 OShEE was privatized in order to secure investment , improve operational efficiency , reduce power losses , and improve revenue collections . With support from government it was envisaged that this would overcome mounting losses and lead to lower , more affordable and competitive retail power tariffs over the medium-term . From the outset , however , challenges began to emerge between CEZ , the new owners , and government regarding bad debt provisions , the rate of loss reduction and annual tariff filings . The distribution license was revoked by the Albanian Energy Regulatory Authority ( ERE ) in 2013 on the grounds that the distribution company had failed to meet the conditions of its license . The company went back to public ownership and embarked on an ambitious program of loss reductions and improved collections and dramatically improved its financial position . The Ministry of Infrastructure and Energy and OShEE are working to unbundle the distribution wiring service from the Universal Service of suppling tariff customers . Unbundling of OShEE is an obligation under the Energy Community acquis and the Power Sector Law , which will create more transparency for all users of the distribution network . # Albania Power Corporation ( KESh ) ● Establish new capabilities ( e.g . trading ) that KESh generation will need to sell power and compete in the new market ; ● Deregulate generation prices and terminate full supply contract with OShEE ; ● Increase its generation capacity by becoming a key player in the region ; # Transmission System Operator ( OST ) ● Prepare unbundled accounts for TSO and market operator functions of OST ’ s business ; ● Prepare rules on grid