SECTOR : MARKET INTEGRATION The Western Balkan region can be described as a fragmented gas market made of individual markets , each with its own regulatory environment , and with little cross-border competitive transactions . These markets , initially established with the purpose of satisfying domestic needs , are in their current form an obstacle to achieving a regional market environment without significant reforms and additional infrastructure investment . More specifically , Albania has a small , isolated gas distribution system , which is not linked to international gas transmission systems . Albania ’ s current gas market size remains one of the smallest in the Western Balkan region 15 million m3N ( consumption in 2015 ) . All of the indigenous production in the country , which has been in significant decline since the 1990s , is used to meet the national consumption , and the portion of energy consumption met by gas usage remains small . However , over the next couple of decades it is estimated that the total potential gas consumption in the country could reach 1.15 billion m3N by 2030 and 1.37 billion m3N by 2040 ( See Table 13 ) and current domestic reserves will be explored to meet the expected future needs . The development of a gas market in Albania is a must and will allow the country to :  Develop a policy for security of supply , ;  Increase the number of participants in the local market ;  Attract investments in the gas sector ;  Improve retail market efficiency ;  Improve system operations ;  Become part of regional gas market ;  Improve economic development with potential regional trading hub . ; Successful gas market integration for Albania will require the development of a modern national gas network robust enough to satisfy projected consumption needs and meet European standards , and the inclusion of Albania as part of a sub-regional gas network allowing for infrastructure development targeting a larger sub-regional demand . While the former will ensure the delivery of gas to the local market and strengthen the national economy , the latter will guarantee diversity in supply options which if provided in the context of the Third Energy Package should provide Albania with reliable and competitive gas for its economy . # 3.13.7 STATE OF THE MARKET : GAS MARKET INTEGRATION EVOLUTION IN ALBANIA With the intent of establishing a sustainable gas sector and achieve the objectives cited above , the government of Albania has been working on the development of a Gas Master Plan of Albania . This study concluded that Albania can play a significant role in the development of a regional gas market while restoring and upgrading its national natural gas transmission and distribution system . The natural demographics of Albania present a challenge to the development of a dense gas distribution network . The country consists of approximately 3,000 settlements with a small number of inhabitants per settlements , administered