the procedures provided for by the VAT law , while the exemption from custom duties is applied at the moment that the machinery and equipment enter the border of Albania . As mentioned above , despite the fact that the law requires that the Council of Minister , upon the joint proposal of the Ministers responsible for energy and transport , approves the minimum percentage of biofuels to be used in transport sector in a year , no such annual obligations have been established . On the other hand , the amendment to the law on biofuels approved in October 2014 , removed all biofuels and other RES fuels used in transportation sector from the excise tax till 2018 with the objective to make these fuels competitive in the market . However , transposing the section of biofuels in the EU RES Directive 2009/28 into a new law on biofuels in Albania remains one of the future actions in this sector . # 3.13.14 EU BIOFUEL MARKET - PRODUCTION , SUPPLY AND DEMAND Biodiesel is also the most important biofuel in the EU and , the EU is the world ’ s largest biodiesel producer . Biodiesel has been used in the EU transport sector since the 1990s , during which time , rapid expansion was driven by increasing crude oil prices , provisions for the production of oilseeds under Common Agricultural Policy set-aside programs , and generous tax incentives , mainly in Germany and France . The structure of the EU biodiesel sector is very diverse and plant sizes range from an annual capacity of 250,000 tons owned by a group of farmers to 1,000,000 tons owned by a large multi-national company . EU biodiesel production capacity is expected to increase to 25.5 billion liters ( 22.3 million tons ) in 2017 , when a new biodiesel facility in France is expected to start production . Biodiesel production facilities exist in every EU member state with the exception of Luxemburg . Demand for biofuels in Albania is based on the NREAP biofuel target , which is approximately 95.53 ktoe for the year 2020 ( 108,000 tons per year ) . There is currently one biodiesel plant in Albania located in Porto Romano , which is near Durres , and has a production capacity of 100.000 tons per year of biodiesel and 20,000 tons per year in glycerin . The Plant is connected through a pipeline with the Porto Romano Port infrastructure , and it is connected by land through the main highway of the country . This biodiesel refinery has the capacity to supply biofuels to the market in Albania , and this plant could cover the supplies needed to meet the RES transport targets until 2025 . In addition , the plant will have an initial surplus production that could be traded to neighboring countries like Kosovo , Montenegro and Macedonia , which for time being do not have such refineries . Albania has no possibility to export