improvements can be complemented by a number of other financial initiatives that will help to enhance performance further . The following activities would be clearly complementary to loss reduction initiatives :  Developing a sector financial model . ;  Reformulating the Universal Service Supplier responsibilities . ;  Permitting the utilities to earn a higher rate of return on equity . ;  Carrying out financial restructuring of each of the utilities to place them in a solvent position . ; # 3.11.7 DEVELOPING FINANCIAL MODEL At present Government and ERE do not have a comprehensive financial model to help inform decisions regarding the entire electricity sector . Government should create one interconnected model that connects the accounting structures of the three publicly owned utilities so that the overall financial implications of tariff and other regulatory and financial decisions can be evaluated quickly and easily . The model should cover all the interactions between the generation , transmission and distribution businesses so that , for example , the impact of an increased generation tariff on distribution tariffs and financing can be evaluated . It should also have the capacity to make forward projections so that the impact of investment programs and the evolution of the regional power market can be evaluated . It should enable the calculation of financial ratios such as the debt equity ratio , self-financing ratio and debt service coverage ratio . The model should enable both government and ERE to carry out evaluations of power sector finances . # 3.11.8 UNIVERSAL SERVICE SUPPLIER RESPONSIBILITIES At present , the Universal Service Supplier ( USS ) responsibilities are a mechanism which enables certain categories of consumer to benefit from the availability of relatively less expensive power from regulated , state-owned hydro generation . In the past all consumers were beneficiaries , but the USS is being progressively withdrawn from high and medium voltage consumers as the power market evolves . Consumers connected to the distribution network at 10 kV and 6kV will cease to be eligible for supply by the USS on December 31 , 2017 . Thereafter , only low voltage ( 0.4 kV ) households and eventually small enterprises will qualify to get supply service from USS . Nevertheless , the low voltage customers shall be eligible to switch to a competitive retail on their own accord . Government , supported by ERE , will need to develop further and replace the USS responsibility with a clear government commitment to support alleviation of energy poverty for the socially vulnerable consumers rather than uniform support across customer classes at lower voltages . Once such customers are identified and the conditions are regulated and enforced , a lifeline tariff could be applied to the poorest consumers applying funds outside the electricity market ( with no cross-subsidizing ) , with other consumers paying cost reflective tariffs . The Government will seek to define the criteria in a transparent manner . The financial impact of this on the responsible