the coupling of the Albania and Kosovo electricity markets by establishing a single bidding zone with a common PX platform and algorithm for settling market transactions . ;  Combined : Combines the EE , RES and Natural Gas Promotion scenarios . ; # 2.4 POLICIES AND OBJECTIVES # 2.4.1 RECOMMENDED POLICY OBJECTIVES The Energy Strategy addresses new laws , regulations and institutional reforms currently underway in Albania , including incentives for EE and RES , electricity tariff reform , market development and integration with EU and regional markets . With the implementation of the National Energy Strategy , Albania aims to achieve the following results :  Reduced energy imports and increased domestic energy generation by meeting future energy demand in a sustainable manner while increasing social welfare ;  Improved energy efficiency in the household , services and industrial sectors ;  Increased use of RES technologies , based on least-cost planning , sustainability , climate action and environmental protection ;  Penetration of natural gas in the Albanian energy sector through key infrastructure investments ;  Development of mechanisms to encourage foreign direct investment in the Albania energy sector . ;  Increased competition in the energy market while preserving customer and investors interests ;  Improved alignment and integration of Albanian energy-sector policy and regulation with the Energy Community energy acquis and regional and EU energy markets . ;  Development of a policy framework for energy ( including energy efficiency ) in transport based on the “ Transport Sector Strategy in Albania – Final Strategy & Action Plan ( DCM No . 811 , dated 16.11.2016 , and introduction of new technologies for all other sectors ;  Development of a competitive market that provides correct signals for production and consumption of electricity and gas . ;  Focused activities regarding the use , remediation or removal of existing non efficient energy infrastructure that adversely impacts environment and potentially high value areas for other development sectors , i.e . tourism , agriculture , etc . ; The results of the detailed analysis show that the most beneficial scenario for the Albanian energy sector , based on the strategic metrics , would be to implement all the measures from the EE , RES and AlbaniaKosovo electricity market coupling scenarios along with the power and industry sector components of the Natural Gas Promotion scenario . Removing the gas infrastructure investment required to enable gas access to residential and commercial customers would improve outcomes , presenting an optimal scenario for the development of the Albanian energy sector till 2030 . The recommended development scenario has the potential to achieve the following results , which in many cases exceed the commitments made by the country :  Potential to reduce energy imports by 32 % compared to the Baseline scenario ;  Potential to increase the RES share past 2020 by focusing the gas infrastructure investment to provide gas access to the power and industry sectors and not residential