refinery . It is very small by European and global standards , and thus lack the economies of scale and the catalytic conversion technology that is required to process the locally available heavy crude oils with their high sulphur and acid content . The refinery is located inland with logistical constraints that make it quite infeasible to consider imported crudes . # 3.8.6 ALBGAZ ALBGAZ sh.a . Is a wholly-owned government company , created in the form of a combined gas transmission and distribution operator . ( DCM No . 848 , dated 07.12.2201 2016 . ALBGAZ sh.a . will engage in the realization of important projects for the development of the gas sector in Albania , as well as for the interconnection of Albania with the regional gas networks.ALBGAZ Company includes the possibility of cooperation with foreign companies currently operating in Albania , such as TAP AG , but also with other companies that may be present in the future . The gas sector in Albania will face significant challenges because it is a commercial sector that will be built from the start but that will be one of the most important sectors that will make possible the diversification of energy sources and increasing the security of energy supply of different sectors of the economy and the population . # ALBPETROL & Upstream activities ● Reform Albpetrol with the goal to have it again engaged in oil and gas operations . ; ● Offer incentives for fast-track exploration and development drilling . ; ● Develop a new grid with much smaller exploration blocks for any relinquished or returned acreage . ; ● Institute a practice of holding formal and frequent licensing rounds as soon as possible and the new petroleum law has allowed to 2 licensing procedures . ; ● Restore the competencies and authority of the National Agency of Natural Resources ( AKBN ) ; ● Consider simplifying the upstream fiscal system by shifting from profit-sharing mechanisms to a tax-and-royalty approach . ; # ALBGAZ Sh . A.Combine operator for gas transmission and distribution ● Consolidation of ALBGAZ sh.a . In order to increase the skills and competences in the gas transmission and distribution activity and the development of gas networks in Albania and the interconnection with the region and further . ; ● Develop an Environmental Impact Statement regarding where the off-take line will be located and get approval from the Ministry of Environment ; ● Finalize a Natural Gas Investment Plan and begin planning and budgeting so that the required plans and necessary funds can be developed before the arrival of TAP gas within the next three to four years ; # Albanian Refining and Marketing of Oil Company ( ARMO sh.a . ) ● Strongly back efforts ( already under way ) to re-establish the integrity of the domestic fuels market using rigorous enforcement . ; ● Encourage consolidation of the retail fuels market through certification requirements and potentially also modest land-site taxes . ;