will promote nature-based solutions to climate change adaptation and mitigation , not only tackling the climate crisis , inequality , poverty and food insecurity , but also providing incentives for new jobs in the maritime , blue and eco-circular economies . Partnering with United Nations agencies , UNDP will implement programmes on a green circular economy and sustainable economic development . 10 . Economic growth is too low to converge with European Union living standards and achieve the Sustainable Development Goals . With United Nations agencies , UNDP will support employment measures for vulnerable groups , integrate small and medium-sized enterprises in global value chains , and support civil society to increase women ’ s access to careers in science , technology , engineering and mathematics . There are few incentives for adoption and innovation in digital technology , but a national digital data strategy and increasing digitalization are critical to accelerating the fourth industrial revolution . UNDP will focus on integrated solutions that address cross-cutting problems , i.e. , identifying naturebased solutions that support the transition to a clean green economy , promote ecotourism and create new jobs in competitive sectors within the Western Balkan Regional Economic Area . 11 . Key barriers to effective and efficient provision of services and that impact public trust are the lack of integrity and accountability of public institutions , slow progress on judicial reforms and corruption . Building on previous successes , UNDP will work with civil society and the government to improve human capacities and data systems for performance , transparency and planning . UNDP will work on the quality of services and rule of law , in close collaboration with United Nations partners . 12 . With Albania positioning itself as a unifying actor for regional cooperation , security and stability , and taking the initial steps to establish the national disaster risk management system as a requirement to join the European Union Civil Protection Mechanism , UNDP will continue to promote knowledge-sharing and relevant practices across the subregion . To the extent possible , UNDP will promote South-South and triangular cooperation in support of these efforts . 13 . The report of the United Nations mainstreaming , acceleration and policy support mission to Albania and the United Nations country team reached consensus on three highly effective solutions for policy and programming to accelerate progress towards European Union accession and achieve the Sustainable Development Goals : ( a ) human capital development and social inclusion ; ( b ) sustainable , resilient and green economic growth and resource management ; ( c ) effective , people-centred governance , human rights , rule of law and gender equality . These are translated into four UNSDCF outcomes , fully adopted by UNDP and underpinned by five cross-cutting principles of human rights ; gender equality ; inclusion and equality ; transparent civic participation ; and innovation . 14 . The vision , value proposition and theory of change , which consolidates a number