was approved by the Albanian Parliament in April 2015 ;  New Market Model for the Albanian electricity sector , which was approved by the Council of Ministers Decision no . 519 , dated 13.07.2016 ;  Decision of ERE no.214 , dated 28.12.2017 “ On approval of Albanian Electricity Market Rules and Participation Agreement in the Day Ahead Market ” ;  Law No . 124/2015 “ On Energy Efficiency ” , which was approved in November 2015 ;  Law No . 7/2017 “ On Renewable Energy Sources ” , which was approved by the Albanian Parliament in February 2017. ; # 3.4.2 ECT AND POWER SECTOR LAW As a signatory to the ECT , much of Albania ’ s energy sector legislation and regulation is guided by requirements of the EU ’ s Internal Energy Market . Specifically , the ECT sets out a number of acquis , which comprises core EU legislation in the energy sector . More details on the component parts of the acquis that are relevant to the power sector are described in the Technical Annex . Law No . 43/2015 “ On Power Sector ” was approved in 2015 , with the primary objective of moving towards alignment with the EU acquis on electricity . The key reform actions and the progress being made against these actions are described in the Technical Annex . # 3.4.3 NEW ELECTRICITY MARKET MODEL A new Electricity Market Model ( “ Market Model ” ) for Albania was approved by the Council of Ministers in July 2016 and sets out changes to the electricity sector that would see a move away from the regulated market arrangements that have until now been in place , towards more liberalized trading arrangements . Implementation of the Market Model would also improve compliance with many components of the EU energy acquis set out in the ECT . In order to facilitate the establishing of the Albanian Power Exchange and enabling TSOs or Market Operators from other countries to join the APX , an amendment to the Power Sector Law was proposed and approved by the Albanian Government . The draft law is under the review and approval by the Parliament . OST has a full set of market rules to implement the Market Model , which were approved by the ERE in December 2017 . It is intended that implementation of the new Market Model is phased in over the period 2017-2020 . The key characteristics of the new Market Model can be summarized as follows :  Physical trading by market participants is exclusively to take place through the following platforms : o A day-ahead ( “ DA ” ) and intra-day ( “ ID ” ) market , to be set up by a new Albanian Power Exchange . ; o Trading of long-term physical power is permitted based on cross-border capacity bought through cross-border capacity auctions . ; ;  All other forms of trading will be