set of clearly defined metrics for monitoring of the Energy Strategy ’ s main objectives . These monitoring metrics build upon the strategic objectives discussed in section 2.2 and the strategic metrics discussed in section 2.3 to provide a clear basis for monitoring Albania ’ s progress towards implementing this Energy Strategy . # 5.2 MONITORING INDICATORS The monitoring metrics will be measured through specific indicators , which were selected from the respective indicators used for the National Strategy for Development and Integration 2015-2020 , RES Targets , EE Targets and NDC Targets already committed to by the Albanian Government until 2020 . Implementation of the Strategy will be monitored through and benchmarked against a set of thirteen monitoring indicators , which are generally available on an annual basis . These monitoring indicators are listed below :  Reduction of transmission technical electricity losses ;  Reduction of distribution non-technical electricity losses ;  Reduction of distribution technical electricity losses ;  Increasing rate of electricity collection ;  Level of cross-subsidies in energy supply ;  Rate of switching the supplier ;  Opening of electricity market ( percentage of energy supplied from the competitive market - both domestic and from imports ) ;  Self-sufficiency of domestic primary energy produced versus total primary energy supply ;  Imports of energy ;  National Energy Efficiency Target ;  Utilization of renewable energy in TPES ( RES Target ) ;  Biofuel Targets as share of biofuels versus total fuel consumption in transport sector ;  CO2 emission reductions ;  Natural Gas Penetration . ; Ministry of Energy and Industry together with ERE , AKBN , EE Agency are responsible for monitoring and providing an efficient implementation of the energy strategy for all respective sectors . The annual monitoring report should focus on results , indicators , current and perspective tendencies , barriers encountered during the reporting period , lessons learned and achievements , measures to be undertaken for speeding up development in certain energy sectors and on the results reached during the reporting period . While the responsibility for the overall implementation oversight rests with Ministry of Energy and Industry , strategy implementation involves almost all line ministries , central government institutions and local government . # 5.3 MONITORING TARGETS The monitoring indicators will be evaluated periodically by Ministry of Energy and Industry together with ERE , AKBN , EE Agency . Annual monitoring reports on the implementation of the National Energy Strategy will be presented for review to the Council of Ministers for approval . Information will be collected for the respective monitoring indicators in accordance with the type of intervention . Monitoring data should be collected annually , and some of this data will be inserted into the Yearly Energy Balance , which is prepared and updated by the Ministry of Energy and Industry through AKBN . A functional task of AKBN will be making requests for data that are to be generated by all