Ministry of Infrastructure and Energy as well as AKBN . These oil-equivalent estimates are expected to consist primarily of oil ; but the potential for gas reserves from undiscovered fields is also significant at 5.7 billion cubic meters . Some preliminary study carried out from the IFC shows that the recent growth in Albanian oil production to roughly 21,400 barrel per day ( bd ) in 2013 , largely on the basis of the ALBPETROL ( Patos Marinza ) field , which can be sustained and expanded to 44,000 bd by 2020 , on the basis of horizontal drilling at multiple existing oil fields . After 2020 , the potential exists for further growth in production on the strength of new discoveries-but only if Albania can optimize its policy framework to encourage high levels of exploration and development activity . Unfortunately , Albania 's regulatory and investment framework for oil and gas exploration and production since the passage of the Petroleum Law in 1993 has been ineffective in promoting the development of these potentially considerable hydrocarbon resources and several amendments of petroleum law in February 2017 has significantly improve this law . The failure of two licensing rounds in the l990s , when crude oil prices were much lower than today , led to an unstructured ad-hoc approach to license negotiations . Nevertheless , the state has made all efforts to promote its acreage internationally through “ open door policy ” and active participation in international conferences . It is noted also the organization for the first time of the Oil & Gas Summit held in 2015 in Tirana , where participated almost all well-known international oil companies , such as SHELL , Exxon Mobil , BP , SOCAR , ENI etc .. # 3.8.5 CRUDE OIL REFINING PLANT Albania 's market for refined products is small by European standards , with total reported consumption of about 1 million metric tons ( mt ) per year at present . The plants employ 1960 ’ s design technology and include 220,000 cm of storage capacity and 1500 employees in 2012 . 85 % of the State ’ s holding of the company was sold in 2008 . Petroleum product demand is concentrated in the transportation and to a lesser extent , the agriculture sector and is dominated by diesel . Albania relies primarily on imported fuels , which are readily available in the regional market from Italy and southeastern Europe . The quality of petroleum products has been improved continuously and has reached the average EU level , since the level of abuse with the quality is not more than 5 % of the total quantity , but have been plagued by substandard products . The number of retail gas stations relative to population is very high by European standards , and needs to decrease significantly in order to meet the best practices . Albania 's refinery at Ballsh faces serious challenges to its continued commercially viable operation as crude oil