, natural gas supply ( transmission and distribution ) , crude oil ( exploration , production , refining and distribution ) , energy efficiency investment for all sectors and investment for all renewable energy sources . # 4.2.1 POWER SECTOR In order to meet the growing demand for electricity and reduce the level of import , different scenarios have been prepared through the Albania-LEAP model and it has served to identify a new power plant expansion plan for each scenario based on a minimal cost of generation approach . The generation investment cost is determined from the investment costs for each power plant in the expansion plan and are based on current Albanian data according to many feasibility study for SHPPs , medium and large HPPs , WPPs , PvPP , Natural Gas CCs and GTs , using average figures for the specific investments for the respective technologies . The investment cost for expansion of the high voltage transmission system , including 400 kV , 220 kV and 110 kV networks , is based on the cost information contained in the Electricity Demand Forecast by OST , which were used to determine average the system expansion cost as a function of the overall increase in electricity consumption , which is specific to each scenario . Investment costs for the distribution system include : a ) upgrading the sub-transmission distribution system to improve reliability ; b ) targeted investments in the medium voltage grid ( 6-20 kV ) ; c ) customer metering d ) system metering for the low voltage network ; and e ) upgrading of the company ’ s management information and billing and collection system . The basic investment data was taken from an ongoing project of OSHEE and WB/IBRD regarding improvements to the distribution and transmission system . Table 14 provides the cumulative power sector investments for 2018 to 2030 , expressed in million Euros ( MEUR ) , for generation , transmission , and distribution for the Baseline , EE , RES , and Combined scenarios . For the Natural Gas Promotion scenario , the power sector investment requirements follow the Baseline scenario , and are not shown in the table . Table 22 provides the annual investment profile for each scenario . Table 14 indicates that the Baseline scenario has the highest required power sector investment for the period 2018-2030 , while the Energy Efficiency scenario has the lowest required power sector investment , showing the potential cumulative investment savings equal to 951 MEURO . # 4.2.2 NATURAL GAS SECTOR Investment costs for natural gas infrastructure are based on data in the Masterplan of Natural Gas for supplying gas to different sectors according to the following assumptions :  Interconnection costs include the incremental costs needed to prepare TAP for offtake within Albanian territory ;  Transmission and distribution system investment costs include the following :  Connection of Vlora TPP ;  Connection of Fier-Ballsh areas and their internal distribution network ; 