and trading of oil and its byproducts ” as amended . Considering that the energy sector is one of the key sectors with a large impact on the climate change , the Albanian Government is planning to finalize soon a new draft Law on Climate Change , which will serve as a legal basis for setting a more detailed framework for climate actions and clear competences and responsibilities for Ministry and other subordinated agencies responsible for energy sector and Ministry of Tourism and Environment . The draft Law on Climate Change , which will sets the framework for climate actions , is under development and is expected to be adopted by middle of 2018 . # 1.7 ENERGY SECTOR CHALLENGES Since 1992 , the Albanian economy has experienced a transformation from a centralized to a market economy . The GDP per capita value has increased in the last two decades due to a number of factors , including an ambitious program for the economic development , development support offered by donors , and a favorable geographic position as a bridge that connects the Balkans with Western Europe . The challenges currently facing the Albanian energy sector include :  Meeting the economic developments in different sectors and the growing level of energy consumption per capita ;  Improving the trend of energy intensity reduction ;  Enhancing security of energy supply by improving energy efficiency , increasing the share of renewables and other indigenous energy sources , and increasing regional cooperation and integration . ; Historically , Albania ’ s energy consumption per capita is very low , which indicates low levels of economic activity as well as modest levels of comfort in the household and service sectors . On the other hand , energy intensity , which is the ratio of primary energy supply in a given year and GDP produced in the same year , has been very high . The reasons are the same as for the other Central and Eastern European countries : Albanian industry had been orientated towards energy intensive industries such as mining and metallurgy , and energy prices were kept at relatively low levels . Thus , one of Albania ’ s most crucial challenges is how to increase the low per capita energy consumption while at the same time reducing the high level of energy intensity in order to have an efficient economy that will compete in the domestic and foreign markets . The challenges related to energy security include meeting the country ’ s demand for crude oil with domestic production in decline . The total primary energy demand can not be met with domestic energy sources . They have continuously declined during the period 2001-2016 , with the self-sufficiency of primary energy sources declining from 97 % in 1990 to approximately 41.2 % in 2016 . Thus , it is clear that meeting the country ’ s energy demand requires further development of domestic resources as well as liberalization and