institutional capacities in policymaking and implementation , promoting a culture of participation and dialogue for development , and increasing transparency , integrity and accountability . Based on its initial successful experiences in rolling out integrity planning in municipalities , UNDP will build national capacities to bring to scale and monitor this initiative . 23 . Innovation and digitalization will be explored to establish robust , modernized and efficient service delivery . UNDP will support integrated citizen-centred services and further expand municipal one-stop-shop networks to reach remote , mostly rural areas . 24 . UNDP will support legal , policy and institutional reforms related to human rights commitments and civic engagement ; capacity development for policymaking and monitoring ; and access to justice for vulnerable people . UNDP will continue to support the People ’ s Advocate , and the Commissioners for Information and Data Protection and Protection from Discrimination . UNDP will continue to work towards ending all forms of domestic , sexual and gender-based violence and unfavourable social norms and gender stereotypes , supporting coordinated referral mechanisms and integrated services , safe accommodation and accessible emergency and specialized support . It will continue to support the Government to address structural and systemic barriers to gender equality and women ’ s empowerment in policy formulation and implementation , and to generate quality gender-disaggregated data for targeted , informed investments and quantifying of results . 25 . The programme will support data availability and a more data-driven culture for strengthened sectoral analysis , evidence-based policymaking and promotion of a culture of accountability and performance assessment . Policy analysis and formulation will include a gender equality focus and gender-disaggregated data . UNDP will engage gender champions and support increased civic engagement and dialogue platforms . 26 . UNDP will continue to work closely with existing donors , vertical funds and United Nations agencies , diversifying funding sources by partnering with new donors including on an integrated national finance framework , while broadening engagement with the private sector , academia , civil society , national human rights institutions and the media . # III . Programme and risk management 27 . This country programme document ( CPD ) outlines UNDP ’ s contributions to national results and serves as the primary unit of accountability to the Executive Board for results alignment and resources assigned to the programme at country level . Accountabilities of managers at the country , regional and headquarter levels with respect to country programmes are prescribed in the organization ’ s programme and operations policies and procedures and internal control framework . 28 . The programme will be nationally executed . If necessary , national execution may be replaced by direct execution for part or all of the programme to enable response to force majeure . The harmonized approach to cash transfers will be used in a coordinated fashion with other United Nations agencies to manage financial risks . Cost definitions and classifications for programme and development effectiveness will be