investment ; •Advantage : Interest rate is higher in Albania , thus reduced interest rate may make for attractive loans ; •Lack of equity fiancing may make loans attractive due to investment deduction ; # Direct funding •Fund gives preferential loans to the users directly ( reduced interest rate , longer repayment period , longer grace period ) ; •Better loan conditions can be provided ; •Fund gathers and evaluates loan applications ; •When loans are reimbursed the Fund can be used again ; •Funds for environmental protection , EE and RES can be combined ; Based on the new Energy Efficiency Law , the Government plans to establish soon an Energy Efficiency Fund , which shall function as a legal entity , having the status of a non-profit organization . The Energy Efficiency Fund shall be governed by a Board of Trustees with members representing MIE and other Ministries engaged in the improvement of energy efficiency in the areas under their responsibility . Each of the Fund models presented above can potentially stimulate EE investments . However , these models have different impacts in terms of their ability to mobilize new investment , make efficient use of the Fund ’ s capital and ensure the sustainability of the Fund ’ s operation . However , if the annual income of the EE Fund is secured by energy and environmental taxes , then the sustainability of the Fund ’ s operations can be achieved . Based on the advantages and drawbacks of fund options presented above , the following actions are recommended for the EE Fund development .  Begin by providing loan guarantees , so that by reducing the risk exposure of the Fund , higher external investments can be attracted . ;  Determine the Fund models to be used for different investment projects , according to the type of projects , the level of investment and the type of client . ;  Utilize interest rate payment reductions , because the benefits for smaller investments are low . ;  Utilize investment deductions with caution , particularly if the annual income of the Fund is not secured since this option spends the Fund ’ s resources the fastest . ;  Build up a capability to offer direct loans over the medium-term , cooperating where possible with similar existing state institutions such as a Guarantee Fund , or a Development Fund . ;  Draft eligibility and evaluation criteria for investments to be supported by the Fund for prescreening of potential projects and to ensure that the development of selected projects helps the Fund achieve its priorities . ;  Prepare promotion of the Fund among target groups to bring together all potential partner organizations ( commercial banks , project developers , clients-investors ) that may wish to cooperate with or capitalize the Fund in future . ;  Evaluate cooperation alternatives with external financiers and identify how the Fund , partner institutions and clients can benefit