role for Albania . ; The Ukraine South corridor consists of a market integration option that involves Albania , Macedonia , Ukraine , and Moldova with Greece , Bulgaria , and Romania . Similar to the previous option , this market integration option will only deliver its full benefits when all needed and planned infrastructure critical to its implementation is completed . This market integration option would also solve the natural capacity supply imbalance in the country , while allowing the country to become a natural trading hub for the region . As mentioned previously , the market integration options described above are part of a gas infrastructure development framework that would benefit from additional gas supply projects in the form of LNG terminals recently considered and under construction . These LNG terminal projects have been found to benefit Albania and other Contracting Parties in the Western Balkans in key areas such as diversification and security of gas supply , greater gas integration of the SEE region and economic development .  LNG Krk in Croatia : The Government of Croatia in June 2016 adopted the conclusion to speedup of activities on realization of construction of LNG terminal on the Island of Krk . LNG Croatia LLC has been appointed as the project developer . ;  Expansion of LNG Revithoussa in Greece : Notice for an international tender for design and construction of a new LNG Tank in Revithoussa has already been published . ;  Eagle LNG in Albania . ; # 3.13.10 REGIONAL GAS MARKET INTEGRATION STATUS Based on Natural Gas Sector Law in transposition with the Third Energy Package the following milestones have occurred or are expected :  March 2016 : TAP AG certified as an independent transmission operator ( TO ) for natural gas . ;  December 2016 : New public company , ALBGAZ , was established with the functions and responsibilities of a combined transmission and distribution system operator of natural gas . ;  Nov 2017 – Certification of ALBGAZ by the ERE according to requirements of Law on Natural Gas Sector . ; Tariff systems are still not developed and a number of other requirements of the Law on Natural Gas sector still remain to be implemented through secondary legislation , including :  Approval by the Council of Ministers of a gas market model . ;  Approval of Gas Market Rules by the ERE .  Third Party Access : the national company has not yet developed the Transmission Grid Code , which is subject of approval by the ERE . ;  Balancing : the national company has not yet implemented the rules adopted in the new Law on Natural Gas sector . ;  Eligibility : customers ’ supplier selection programs are not developed yet . ;  Price Regulation : similar to the new electricity law , where small customers are permitted to receive gas supplies from regulated ( gas ) supplier under public service