main source of renewable energy projects , building on this experience . However , for solar and wind projects there is little previous experience . The Government has defined the FiT for solar , wind and biomass energy in order to promote the best site and in the same time help to reach the respective targets ;  The development of a regional market is likely to lead to greater variation in prices over the day , season ( winter-summer ) and the benefits of by optimizing the utilization of scale hydro projects with small solar photovoltaic and wind power plants to help balance intermittent solar and wind power will increase significantly benefits and the tariff policy should recognize this . ; # 3.11.5 RETAIL PRICES AND TRANSMISSION TARIFFS The developments discussed above will not affect the methodology for retail prices applied for electricity supply under public service and the role of the Universal Service Provider directly . However , there are potential significant implications as the market develops , generation tariffs are being deregulated , and increased renewable generation introduces greater uncertainty into estimating the level of generation . There are two broad areas in which changes are likely to be needed :  Changes in retail Universal Service prices structure to respond to variations in generation prices and make tariffs more cost reflective for that particular category of consumer . ;  Actions by the system operator to incentivize short term management of the balance between supply and demand through a competitive balancing market . ; For the system operator , OST , the new market arrangements will mean that balancing supply and demand becomes more complex . System operators have devised numerous ways of coping with the challenges arising from this complexity . The arrangements will depend on the characteristics of consumer demand on the Albanian system . The responsibility for devising innovative mechanisms for balancing demand will include balance responsibility and competitive balancing market , enforced and implemented by OST . However , the Government will want to ensure that the utilities are thinking ahead in devising new mechanisms and ensuring that the quality , economy and reliability of the power system are enhanced by them . # 3.11.6 FINANCIAL RESTRUCTURING OF THE ALBANIAN POWER SECTOR Albania ’ s power sector has made financial and operational progress in recent years . Results for 2015-2016 suggest that all three major utilities were profitable and showed financial performance improvements compared to 2014 . Supplies are generally reliable , although voltage sometimes drops to very low levels at the end of long distribution lines . However , the power sector faces three interconnected and major issues . These issues are only partly within the capacity of ERE as regulator to resolve . In particular , the Government , as owner of the main generation , transmission and distribution companies , has to exercise its ownership responsibilities more effectively in order to resolve these issues and create a more sustainable