The Market Model will require the APE to be established as a separate legal entity with the participation of OST and other legal entities , and strengthening for the capability of the market unit within OST , with the required capabilities being built through recruitment and/or training . ;  Affected market participants ( e.g . IPPs ) , in consultation with ERE , need to draft new financial contracts , such as CfDs , where these are required as transitional measures to ensure that the intent of previous commercial agreements in honored under the new Market Model . ;  All market participants will need to build new capabilities in order to interact effectively with the new market arrangement , for example establishing trading departments , or commercial teams to manage bilateral financial contracts . ; # 3.5 ENERGY EFFICIENCY LAW The new EE Law ’ s primary objective was to align with the EU ’ s Energy Efficiency Directives ( 2006/32/EC and partly 2012/27/EU ) . The main objectives of the Law can be summarized as follows :  Setting of a National Energy Saving Indicative Target , and preparation of a National Energy Efficiency Action Plan ( “ NEEAP ” ) that is to be updated at least every three years . ;  Creation of an Agency for Energy Efficiency ( “ Agency for EE ” ) to oversee implementation of many of the Law ’ s provisions , and an Energy Efficiency Fund ( “ EE Fund ” ) to support and finance energy efficiency measures . ;  Putting in place requirements for larger energy consumers to improve their energy efficiency , requiring them to employ an energy manager , and carry out regular energy audits . ;  Establishing criteria and standards for energy auditors and energy services providers . ; # 3.6 RENEWABLE ENERGY LAW The objective of the RES Law is to facilitate the harnessing of Albania ’ s significant renewable energy resources , in particular in the area of hydroelectric plants , biomass and biofuel resources . Through the Energy Community , Albania has set a binding target of 38 % of its gross final energy consumption to be fulfilled from renewable energy by 2020 , which is an ambitious target compared to 33.1 % in 2014 , mostly due to the increase of final energy consumption . Specifically , the RES Law will introduce a renewable energy support scheme for electricity based on Contracts for Difference ( “ CfDs ” ) , which takes into account the creation of a competitive day-ahead electricity market . The details of the CfD-based support scheme will need to be closely coordinated with the drafting of Market Rules described earlier . An effective CfD mechanism will require a robust reference price that RES generators can access through a liquid wholesale market . This should be available once the Market Model has been fully implemented . # 3.7 IMPLICATIONS FOR THE ROLES OF KEY