under 12 administrative counties , which are divided into 61 municipalities and 373 local government units ( LGUs ) . As such attention must be put on how to best develop a national distribution system that can have reasonable economies of scale . Based on relevant criteria such as population density and distribution , the existence of anchor consumers ( e.g . power sector , industrial users ) , the level of urbanization and the type of dwelling , the Gas Master Plan found that it is not possible for Albania to develop a national gas transmission and distribution network capable of covering all of its 373 LGUs while achieving significant economies of scale . Alternatively , the solution with the most economies scale achievement proposed for Albania is a gas transmission and distribution system that would allow the country to meet 77 % of the potential national demand in 2020 , growing to 82 % of the potential gas demand by 2040 . The proposed gas transmission and distribution network which includes 85 viable LGUs ( i.e . viable coverage zone ) covers 12 % and 65 % of the country ’ s area and population respectively . # 3.13.8 STATUS OF A NATIONAL GAS TRANSMISSION AND DISTRIBUTION NETWORK In order to have access to the regional and European gas infrastructure , Albania needs to identify both legal works and infrastructure investments needed to gain that access . In September 2015 , Albania adopted the new Law on Natural Gas Sector , which transposes provisions from the Third Energy Package . In December 2016 , the Government of Albania decided to separate the gas activities from the existing oil & gas public company ALBPETROL , creating a new public company , ALBGAZ , with the goal to play the role of the combined operator of transmission and distribution . According to Directive 2009/73/EC , and the Albanian Law on Gas Sector , any gas TSO shall be fully unbundled from other activities , including ownership unbundling . This means that the newly established company is required to be fully unbundled from the existing ALBPETROL to comply with the requirements of the new Gas Sector Law . It is obvious that any investment in the gas transmission and distribution networks shall be conditioned by the natural gas demand in country . Challenges in gas sector include :  Large investment needed for the development of the domestic gas system ;  Lack of a proper market-based environment for attraction of private investors in gas sector ;  Competitiveness of natural gas or the economics of fuel source switching ;  Complete market opening through the establishment of functioning traded markets ;  Market size and sustainability . ; # 3.13.9 REGIONAL GAS MARKET CORRIDORS Although facing low domestic production and with few economically explored reserves to meet its potential gas needs , Albania can take advantage of its geographical location within the Western Balkan region and become a key player