regular review of its energy efficiency policies in 2007 . The Energy Community Treaty ( “ ECT ” ) was approved by the Albanian Parliament in April 2006 ( Law No . 9501 , dated 3.04.2006 ) . It provides a legal framework for convergence with the EU ’ s energy acquis . Being a contracting party to the ECT , Albania has made binding commitments to implement the relevant EU Acquis on energy , environment , RES and competition and to promotion of investments , statistics , and social policy . Albanian authorities have explicitly acknowledged that energy efficiency and renewable energy deployment have the potential to bring benefits to the local consumers , reduce emissions and contribute to security of supply . Energy security , sustainable development and international obligations are identified as the main drivers of energy efficiency policies with competitiveness , employment , comfort and climate change providing further incentive to the energy sector at the national level . # 3.12.4 ENERGY COMMUNITY LAW AND EU DIRECTIVE ALIGNMENTS The status of alignment of the Albanian Energy Sector with the EU directives is summarized In Table 12 . # 3.12.5 ALIGNING ALBANIAN CLIMATE CHANGE POLICY WITH INTERNATIONAL AND EU DIRECTIVES Albania is a signatory to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) , adopted at the “ Rio Earth Summit ” in 1992 , which established the objective to combat climate change by stabilizing GHG concentrations in the atmosphere and limiting average global temperature increases to support sustainable development . The Paris Agreement , adopted in December 2015 , provides a common framework for all Parties aimed at holding the increase in the global average temperature to well below 2° C above pre-industrial levels . To achieve such a long term goal , parties should aim to reach a global peaking of GHG emissions “ as soon as possible ” , recognizing that peaking will take longer for developing country parties and to undertake rapid reductions thereafter in accordance with best science available , so as to achieve a balance between anthropogenic emissions by sources and removals by sinks in the second half of this century . Based on the GHG Emissions Baseline Scenario and the Third National Communication and projections of the transport sector , assume that the energy demand for the Transport Sector will increase at the same rate as it was increasing since 2000 . The potential measures for increasing energy efficiency , considered under the EE scenario and reduction of GHG to be considered are as follows : 1 . Implementing EE Targets for transport sectors of Albania based on 2nd and 3rd NEEAP already approved ; 2 . Implementing RES Targets for transport sectors ( especially focus on bio fuels to be consumed in this sector according to the respective targets ) of Albania based on first RESAP ; 3 . Reconstruction of existing poor quality roads and construction of new roads ; 4 . Road maintenance through