become significantly more profitable , especially in wet years , by selling into a regional market against higher cost thermal generators . The extent to which KESH can become profitable depends partly on how much electricity it can sell to the market and how much ( if any ) it is obliged to sell under the public service obligation . The overall impact on Albania and the extent of imports and exports are also uncertain and will depend on both the evolution of the market and power sector investment decisions in both Albania and the countries with which it trades power . # 3.11.3 SECTOR INSOLVENCY The insolvency of the Albanian power sector is quite severe . It stems in large part from the performance of the distribution company OSHEE since there are excessive technical and non-technical losses in the distribution sector and inadequate collection of cash from customer bills . In principle , this problem can be addressed by significant financial injections from the Government , by policy and other reforms to improve the financial performance of sector entities or by a combination of these two approaches . Given that government finances are very tight and policy reforms would be needed to complement any financial injections in order that such injections were not required regularly . Therefore , the focus should be on initiatives that can improve financial performance through initiatives in the sector that do not require government funding or an expectation of any other external finance . Reforms implemented by the Albanian government in 2014 , improved the ability of OSHEE to collect overdue debts accrued over the years . Moreover , it decreased non-technical losses of power in the local grid due to the unlawful interventions of third parties . Specifically , the amendments of the Albanian Criminal Code ( Law n. 7895 ) , in full force since September 2014 increased the legal responsibilities of any individual and/or legal entity unlawfully stealing electricity . The Government needs to continue to improve the financial solvency of the OSHEE and of KESH which will help promote important investments in the power sector . # 3.11.4 RENEWABLE ENERGY The Government has committed to a policy of increasing the use of renewable energy , primarily hydropower , solar and wind , with small-scale hydropower having the highest priority . Methodologies for offering support schemes have been developed as part of this strategy and are described in the Technical Annex . At this stage they address general principles . However , the detail will need to be kept under review as the Albanian power market evolves . In particular :  Government will ensure that the levels of all renewable energy sources generating electricity offered to the market are manageable within the framework of other electricity sources and the evolving market . ;  There is already extensive experience in commissioning small scale hydro projects through concession agreements . Such hydro projects are therefore likely to continue to be the