total GHG emissions in 2020 , 2025 and 2030 for each scenario . The EE scenario shows the potential to reduce GHG emissions by 27 % , while the Gas Promotion scenario increases GHG emissions by 34 % . The RES scenario shows the potential reduces GHG emissions by 9 % , and the Combined scenario reduces GHG emissions by 28 % compared to the Baseline . Both the EE and Combined scenarios exceed Albania ’ s NDC target . At the European level a proactive approach involves all Member States in promoting a concerted international response to climate change . This involves mitigation efforts to control greenhouse gas emissions , as well as the promotion of adaptation measures to counter the adverse impacts of climate change that are already inevitable . This Albanian Energy Strategy is fully in line and in harmony with EU “ Low-carbon Economy Roadmap ” and promotes EE , RES and natural gas policies that promote a stable business climate which will encourage low-carbon investments for the period 2017-2030 . As the analyses supporting this strategy shows , there is significantly greater GHG reduction potential in the Albanian energy system than the initial NDC commitment , Therefore , the energy strategy and the policy objectives it envisions are in-line with the increasing ambition goals of both the UNFCCC and the EU/Energy Community . Given the current status of Albania as a candidate country in accession to the EU , it is likely during the period covered by this strategy Albania will accede to the EU . For this reason , as well as required by its Energy Community membership , it is of great importance that Energy Strategy is in line also with EU Climate Change Policy by ensuring that the energy policy objectives and the respective energy action plans identified in this document are supporting the levels of ambition expressed in EU CO2 reduction targets and climate change political goals . The Integrated Energy and Climate Plan to be adopted in the course of 2018 will be the key document for this purpose . # 3.2.7 ALBANIA-KOSOVO COUPLING The results of the Albania-Kosovo power market scenario shows there is a significant potential for better utilization of cross-border transmission capacity and increase the welfare through market optimization of operation of the thermal power resources in Kosovo and hydro resources in Albania ( specifically , the Drin River Cascade ) , as well as exchanging balancing reserve requirements . Figure 10 shows a breakdown of the projected changes in savings and costs for electricity generation and imports for this scenario . By 2030 , the two systems combined would generate annual financial savings from reduced import costs of more than €1 billion . The results also show that under a joint Albania-Kosovo power market , generation costs would likely decrease in both countries . Further synergy effects can be expected from market coupling on an even larger scale , i.e . on regional level including the