relevant sector , ;  Specific financing schemes for vulnerable groups ( e.g . a ‘ Pay as You Save ’ mechanism ) , ;  Detailed studies on poverty and energy service affordability , ;  Regulatory tariff incentives on energy efficiency . ; # 3.10.2 ENERGY EFFICIENCY FUND Energy efficiency funds are helpful in overcoming market barriers to energy efficiency investments in general and for specific energy consumer groups . At start-up , such a fund needs access to grant financing from global trust funds such as the Global Environment Facility ( GEF ) , and this strategy recognizes that MIE is working in this direction with the support of the UNDP Climate Change Unit . Furthermore , the Government will try to get loans on favorable terms from IFIs like the World Bank , foreign financial institutions such as Climate Change Fund , WB , KfW , EBRD and the EIB , and bilateral donors for securing the initial EE Fund budget . In addition , the EE Fund will secure an initial fund from the State Budget based on the State Budget Law . The sustainable operation of the Fund will be guaranteed through a stable annual income coming from energy carrier and environmental pollution taxes . Ministry of Infrastructure and Energy will carry out a feasibility study for defining the amount of the expenses for the yearly operation of the fund and also covering the pilot projects carried out in the different sectors . When a market segment is sufficiently developed to attract commercial financing , the Energy Efficiency ( EE ) Fund ’ s objective has been reached and it can be phased out over the medium-term ( at least five years ) . Energy efficiency funds are usually established for implementation of national energy efficiency programs and action plans . . An EE Fund may be based on one of three financing options : 1 ) loan guarantees , 2 ) interest rate buy-downs or investment deduction and 3 ) direct loans . EE Fund will not play the role of classic bank and Figure 13 lists the key characteristics of each fund model . # Guarantee Fund •Fund provides a guarantee for all or part of the loans given by commercial banks to loan users ; •Lower risk for commercial banks results in better loan terms and conditions ; •Repayment from the Fund to the banks depends on loan users ’ behaviour ; •High investment to fund costs ratio ( usually 4 to 1 ) ; •Advantage : Experience with guarantee funds in most of Energy Community Countries ( and in New EU MS ) ; # Interest rate deduction / Investment deduction •Fund pays full or part of loan interest rate costs or pays part of the investment ; •Lower loan costs improve project economic performance ; •Interest rate payment or investment deduction decreases Fund assets ; •Disadvantage : Repayment and grace period are often more relevant than interest rate or