was updated , calibrated to the 2014 energy balance and updated to 2015 and 2016 energy data where available , and extended to 2030 for this analysis , as documented in the Analysis Report . A Baseline scenario , which represents a business as usual approach to the energy sector , was developed based on the following data and assumptions : ( i ) The base year was calibrated to the official 2014 national energy balance , and relevant 2015/2016 data was considered as it became available . ( ii ) Future projections of energy demand are consistent with the baselines used in the NREAP and NEEAP analyses . ( iii ) Follows economic development objectives of the second National Strategy for Development and Integration ( NSDI-II ) . ( iv ) Current structure of energy supply and demand in all economic sectors remains similar to the base year . ( v ) A continued prevalent use of electrical energy for heating and warm water in residential and the service sector . ( vi ) A significant portion of future demand for electricity will be met through new hydropower plants and new thermal generation based on imported natural gas . ( vii ) The planned short-term measures from the national action plans on Renewable Energy Sources and Energy Efficiency will not be strictly implemented . ( viii ) National energy intensity will decrease only slightly from 2014-2030 . The Baseline scenario serves as the reference for comparing each of the energy strategy scenarios that will look to accomplish specific policy goals . The Energy Efficiency scenario is based on Albania ’ s commitments under the Energy Community Treaty , the 2015 law on Energy Efficiency ( No . 124 ) , and the new law on Energy Performance in Buildings . The EE scenario also assumes that Albania implements the second NEEAP . The scenario includes 14 specific measures needed to increase energy efficiency in both supply and demand . The Renewable Energy scenario is based on Albania ’ s obligations as a Contracting Party to the Energy Community Treaty to comply with EU Directives on the promotion of renewable energy sources . One of the directive ’ s requirements is the preparation and adoption of a National Renewable Energy Plan ( NREAP ) . The RE scenario incorporates Albania ’ s NREAP , which calls for increase the portion of renewables to 38 percent of the total final energy consumption by 2020 , which should be further developed by 2030 . The Natural Gas Promotion scenario calculates how much natural gas could penetrate in the different demand sectors ( residential , service , industry , transport and agriculture ) as well as power generation . This scenario assesses the costs and benefits of accessing natural gas from the Trans Adriatic Natural Gas Pipeline . The Albania-Kosovo Coupling scenario assesses the impacts of integrating the operation of the electricity markets in Albania and Kosovo as a first step towards a