effective regulation . ;  Develop measures for a purchase tax and annual tax on cars and other vehicles should be linked to energy efficiency performance . It will be useful to study the example of the French government , which has taken innovative action in this area by setting up a combined subsidy and tax scheme , with a subsidy for low emission cars ( i.e . < 130g CO2/km ) and a tax on cars with high emissions ( i.e . above 161g CO2/km ) . ;  Establishment and implementation of EE criteria in procurement of state and municipality vehicles and transport services . ;  Another measure to be developed for the medium-term is the introduction of road charging . Road charges for heavy goods vehicles are already in place in many EU countries . The German Toll Collect system is an innovative system that uses satellite-guided systems rather than conventional tolls and links road charges to the vehicles ’ emissions factor . The toll revenues are used to subsidize rail and water transport infrastructures . ; # 3.11 ELECTRICITY TARIFF REFORM # 3.11.1 LONG-TERM STRATEGY The long term tariff strategy for the Albanian power sector should take account of the following interconnected features .  The evolution of the power market in Albania , particularly the creation of a competitive wholesale and retail market which will require legally , functionally and financially separate transmission and distribution entities . ;  Abandoning price regulation in the wholesale market ( including through PSO ) , and continue with deregulation of the public generation according to the Power Sector Law ;  The insolvency of the entire Albanian power sector and the importance of restoring it to solvency over time to avoid the need for government subsidy . ;  The priorities for development of the sector and in particular the enhancement of the role of renewable energy through the development of small scale hydro , wind and solar PV capacity in order to meet EU and national priorities and sustainability . ;  The priorities for development of the sector and in particular the enhancement of consumer benefits in terms of securing supply of electrical power and quality of service . ;  The development of sustainable tariff reforms in order to protect especially vulnerable customers as well as to increase the efficiency of the electrical power system of Albania . ;  The integration of the Albanian power market with the regional market , and later with the European power market in compliance with the acquis . ; # 3.11.2 POWER MARKET EVOLUTION Significant changes in the power market will create a regional market for power generators , with all generation passing through the market . Albania will have improved insurance against dry years when hydro generation falls below normal levels , providing greater consistency in costs between wet and dry years as the regional market improves price stability for generation . KESH is likely to