RES Renewable energy sources ; TAP Trans-Adriatic Pipeline ; TDP Transmission Development Plan ; TPES Total Primary Energy Supply ; TSO Transmission System Operation ; UNFCCC United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ; USAID United Stated Agency for International Development ; # 1 . CONTEXT AND CURRENT CONDITIONS # 1.1 INTRODUCTION Formulation of the Strategy for the Energy Sector 2017–2030 has taken place during a period of dynamic developments in Albania ’ s energy sector . During this period , a number of framework laws and regulations were drafted and adopted , the electricity sector was going under important structural , legal , tariff reforms , and the oil and gas sector was subject to important developments . Also , during this period , Albania has continued to implement its obligations and commitments towards regional integration through the Energy Community and it has taken on new international commitments and initiatives , including in relation to climate action . All of these activities have served as a foundation for development of this National Energy Strategy . The Strategy represents a synthesis of detailed energy sector analysis , and other sectoral and crosssectoral strategic and planning documents , much of which was incorporated into an analytical review of future development pathways for Albania ’ s energy sector . Many of the key documents referenced in this Strategy were still under review during this period , and the strategy represents the most current information on these documents as of early 2018 , and an analytical review of future development pathways for Albania ’ s energy sector . As a complex and multidimensional process , this Energy Sector Strategy has been guided by the political leadership of the Ministry of Infrastructure and Energy , supported by a Working Group , established with participation of the Ministry ’ s key Departments , ERE , AKBN , power utilities ( KESH , OST and OSHEE ) and oil and gas companies like ALBPETROL , ARMO , ALBGAS . This Working Group coordinated the process for drafting the National Strategy for the Energy Sector and was closely supported by USAID with technical expertise from USAID ’ s strategic team , composed of leading experts in the fields of electricity , oil and gas , renewables , energy efficiency and strategic energy planning . As announced at the Energy Community Ministerial Council meeting on 14 December 2017 , the Republic of Albania will engage , in cooperation with the Secretariat of the Energy Community , in elaborating and adopting an Integrated Energy and Climate Plan in the course of 2018 . This Plan will complement the present Strategy , and will address the five mutually reinforcing and interrelated dimensions , adapted in the context of Albania , to bring greater energy security , sustainability and competitiveness . The five mutually supportive dimensions are : 1 . Energy security , based on energy sources diversification , solidarity and trust ; 2 . Fully integration into the regional and