subsequently European market ; 3 . Energy efficiency contributing to moderation of demand ; 4 . Decarbonizing the economy ; 5 . Research , innovation and competitiveness ; # 1.2 METHOD FOR DEVELOPING THE STRATEGY The principles guiding the development of this strategy are fully in line with the principles of the Second National Strategy for Development and Integration , and their goals are to :  Increase the security of energy supply while ensuring sustainable development and providing affordable energy costs for Albanian citizens and the economy ;  Further diversification of supply sources and interconnection with the regional and European electricity and gas networks ;  Establish a competitive and organized market that provides correct signals for production and consumption of electricity and natural gas , considering the specific influence of climate changes on the domestic power production ;  Couple the electricity market in line with the commitments made under the so-called Berlin process ;  Ensure that the climate change targets are met , including the renewable energy resource ( RES ) and energy efficiency targets ; The analysis of the Albanian Energy Sector was performed using the Albania-LEAP model , a proven tool used previously by the Albanian Government and commonly used by other countries in the region and globally . The analytical results provided quantitative metrics for assessing the likely outcomes of possible energy scenarios against the strategic goals of this strategy . The assessment of the institutional reform priorities was developed in consultation with a large variety of stakeholders inside and out of the government aiming to discuss the key policy and legislative instruments driving energy sector reform in Albania and identify actions to meet the legal requirements and political commitments . For the Power Sector , the discussions included the Electricity Market Model , creating an Agency for Energy Efficiency , developing an Energy Efficiency Fund in accordance with the Energy Efficiency Law , and other priorities such as the development of secondary legislation for implementing the Power Sector , Oil & Natural Gas , RES and EPB Laws . Discussions regarding the oil and gas sector included the role of key institutions and reforms needed to modernize the sector and prepare the proper institutions and entities for a potential gasification of the economy . Particular attention was given to the need for capacity building and restructuring of Albanian energy institutions and energy public companies . The need for continuation of the electricity tariff reform was assessed , including the importance that such a reform has on the creating the right incentives for electricity market participants . The chapters on incentives for energy efficiency investment and introducing Contract for Difference ( as support scheme ) for RES electricity generation were based on a comparative assessment of best practices in the old and new EU Member States . Analysis of how well Albanian legislation aligns with the EU energy acquis was based on independent assessments of Albania ’ s status , e.g .