and access to the transmission and distribution networks to all power producers . ERE also has responsibility for approving tariffs in the sector , including feed-in tariffs for RES producers , tariffs for access to the transmission and distribution networks , and tariffs for end users supplied by the Universal Service Provider . ERE approves standard industry documents such as the standard PPA to be used by priority RES producers . ERE is also responsible for the development of most secondary legislation in the sector as well as approving the electricity market rules . Agency of Energy Efficiency : The establishment of the Agency of Energy Efficiency ( “ Agency of EE ” ) is required under the EE Law . Setting up the Agency for EE is clearly a priority of the Government based on the EE Law and the priority actions set out in Table 2 are to be carried out by MIE . Duties and responsibilities of the Agency for EE are set out in detail in Article 25 of the EE Law , and include :  Develop secondary legislation and programs to promote energy efficiency . ;  Develop and monitor the National Energy Efficiency Action Plan ( “ NEEAP ” ) and prepare an annual progress report regarding the NEEAP . ;  Work with market participants and stakeholders to develop a database to monitor progress being made in improving energy efficiency . ;  Develop technical standards and regulations to improve the energy efficiency of products . ;  Evaluate projects to improve energy efficiency for potential funding from the EE Fund . ;  Support energy efficiency through providing advice , training , and developing open source contracts for energy services . ;  Verify the accuracy of data from energy audits , if deemed necessary . ; Energy Efficiency Fund : The EE Law mandates the setting up of an Energy Efficiency Fund that shall be managed by a Board of Trustees composed by representatives of different public institutions . Representatives of the private business associations might also be represented in the Board . The Energy Efficiency Fund shall be financed through agreements with donors , and shall be established and operated as an independent public entity . The EE Law sets out clearly the types of projects that the Fund can be used to finance :  Improvements to energy efficiency for end consumers or in the production , transmission , or distribution of energy , including projects awarded funding through voluntary agreements ;  Improvements to energy efficiency in public lighting , or in water supply and waste water treatment .  Research and development activities , and development of demonstration projects for new technologies . ;  Energy audits in the public sector . ;  Improvements to metering and billing , and awareness campaigns regarding energy efficiency . ; # Energy Regulatory Authority ● Continue to act as a fully independent regulator of the energy sector and