of past programmatic investments and proposes new transformative areas of action , were developed in consultation with over 200 partners representing civil society , private sector , academia , local and national governments , development partners and United Nations agencies , and validated in a meeting with over 17 Deputy Ministers . # II . Programme priorities and partnerships 15 . This country programme reflects the country ’ s development priorities as articulated in the NSDI and the UNSDCF 2022-2026 . In addition , it is aligned with the UNDP Strategic Plan and contributes to different European Union acquis chapters . The Sustainable Development Goal targets and indicators and national datasets are integral to programme outcomes and outputs . UNDP will contribute to these priorities , and application of its six signature solutions will help the country accelerate structural transformations . Specifically , UNDP will assist the country in the three main areas described below . 16 . Human capital development and social inclusion . Albania needs well-functioning , fully operational and funded social inclusion and protection policies . UNDP will work with national partners to promote social cohesion and strengthen social protection systems , services and financing mechanisms to increase coverage and quality for vulnerable groups . With United Nations agencies , UNDP will ensure civic engagement and capacities for dialogue and implementation of social care plans . 17 . COVID-19 generated a sense of urgency to operationalize national policies , strengthen local government capacities and design and fund inclusive , gender-responsive and evidencebased services . To reach those most left behind , UNDP will expand services at municipal and national levels in education , health , social care , employment , vocational training and housing . UNDP , with the European Union , will continue investments in the education sector affected by the 2019 earthquake , adopting European Union standards and expanding information and communication technology measures as a post-COVID-19 recovery strategy . UNDP will technically lead implementation of the United Nations COVID-19 socioeconomic recovery plan . 18 . Sustainable , resilient and green economic growth and resource management . UNDP will support policies that accelerate an inclusive , productive and sustainable economy , enhance climate resilience and adaptation planning , and transition into a clean green economy , in line with the Government ’ s national strategies . This will be done through : ( a ) strengthening governance mechanisms to address climate change , biodiversity loss , pollution and land degradation ; ( b ) promoting ecotourism and circular bioeconomy ; ( c ) promote a “ source-to-sea ” approach , and strengthen transboundary cooperation for water resources management in the Drini River Basin ; ( d ) address the skills mismatch of youth and women for innovation and digitalization ; and ( e ) support value chains of micro , small and medium-sized enterprises , decent jobs and inclusive employment , particularly for persons with disabilities and women . UNDP will support industries to become