and mechanisms for their enforcement . Demand forecast for petroleum products throughout the country are to be made and regularly updated , and arrangements must be made for the emergency stockpiling of petroleum products within the country to ensure compliance with EU Directives . Plans for the negotiating , off-taking , transmission , distribution and retail sales of natural gas from the TAP need to be developed based to the Gas Master Plan projects , prior to the anticipated arrival of gas at the end of 2020 . Market reforms must be developed to comply with the Energy Community commitments and to complete the transformation of Albania into a member of the European Union . The internal administrative structure of the MIE , should therefore , with respect to petroleum , contain separate Directorates for each of these responsibilities . # Energy Regulatory Authority ● Raise the limits of its power to impose penalties up to the limits required by the Third Energy Package . ; ● Complete the structure by completing the natural gas unit , and Infill lacking competencies within ERE ; # Ministry of Infrastructure & Energy ● Improve management of existing concessions of the National Oil Company ( ALBPETROL ) and those that have been granted to the foreign companies for new petroleum explorations and production . ; ● Develop the future reserves through the promotion of private investment in an environmentally responsible and financially transparent manner , including strict environmental impact assessment . ; ● Make arrangements for the emergency stockpiling of oil and petroleum products in compliance with EU product Directives ; ● Develop plans for the establishment of the Albanian gas market and its regional integration , and for off-taking , transmission , distribution and retail sales of natural gas from the TAP and other gas sources prior to the anticipated arrival of gas ; ● Consolidation and further strengthening of ALBGAZ s.a. , on the role of the combined gas transmission and distribution operator , as well as for the regional integration of the Albanian gas network ; ● Implement market reforms needed to comply with Energy Community acquis ; ● Improve the administrative structure of the MIE by strengthening and consolidating the Directorate of Policies and Strategies of Industry and Energy in oil and gas sector ; MIE , through the Directorate of Policies and Strategies of Industry and Energy and the Directorate of Development Programs of Industry and Energy needs to develop and consolidate the specific roles and functions of oil and gas sector organization complying with the international best practices . It is important that the competency of the Ministry be such that Operating Companies will have a clear view as to what is required of them and that there will be penalties for non-compliance . The Directorate of Policies and Strategies of Industry and Energy should in addition , provide direction and supervision to the management of two public companies , ALBPETROL and ARMO . # Directorate of