MEUR ) followed by the natural gas sector ( 347.0 MEURO ) . # 4.3.1 STATE BUDGET AND PUBLIC INVESTMENT CONTRIBUTIONS FOR EACH SECTOR Estimates of the state budget and public investment contribution for each energy sector required to reach the identified strategic objectives have been calculated based on the following assumptions :  Total investment for generation ( including RES Plants and Natural Gas CCGTs ) will be based on the private initiatives . KESH should support not only rehabilitation projects of the existing generation assets , but the construction of new capacities as well . KESH shall support not only rehabilitation projects of the existing generation assets , but the construction of new capacities as well . KESH will continue to support only rehabilitation of Drin River Cascade based on the ongoing project . ; Based on the WB study , KESH sh.a has prepared a project proposal for the Development of HEC Skavica ( Feasibility Study , business model and socio-economic assessment ) which , after being included in the National Strategic Package in 2016-2017 by the National Investment Council , has been submitted for review and support to the Western Balkans Investment Fund ( WBIF ) in its XVII-th round of call for applications . WBIF Committee reviewed the project proposal submitted by KESH sh.a . for the construction of Skavica and approved the technical assistance grant at EUR 1.5 million ( Project Code : WB17-ALB-ENE-03 ) . Also , additional investment identified for the conversion of Vlora TPP into gas fired technology . ;  Transmission , Distribution of Electricity , Exploration and Production of Crude Oil , Rehabilitation of Ballsh & Fier Refineries will be based on the general assumption considering that each investment will have a structure of the capital as follows : equity contribution from OST and OSHEE will be 20-30 % of total specific required investment and the rest will covered from the IFIs and possibly from private banks ;  Natural Gas interconnection , transmission and distribution investment will be based on private initiatives , with an equity contribution will be 20-30 % of total specific required investment . ; Table 20 provides estimates of the amounts of state budget and public investment contribution for each energy sector for the period 2018 to 2030 , and Error ! Reference source not found . provides the annual investment profile for each component . # Cumulative Investment Needs from State Budget 2018 – 2030 ( MEUR ) in MEUR Power Sector ( EE Scenario ) Generation 0 ; Power Sector ( EE Scenario ) Transmission 45.9 ; Power Sector ( EE Scenario ) Distribution 99 ; Power Sector ( EE Scenario ) Subtotal 144.9 ; Natural Gas SectorInterconnection 0 ; Natural Gas Sector Transmission and Distribution 0 ; Natural Gas Sector Subtotal 0 ; Oil Sector Exploration and Production of Crude Oil 40.6 ; Oil Sector Rehabilitation of Ballsh & Fier Refineries 0 ; Oil Sector Improvements of downstream oil by products