obligation . ;  Market Opening : small enterprises and household customers are permitted to choose their supplier . ;  Protection of Vulnerable Customers : criteria defining this customers class still need to be defined and developed ; # 3.13.11 BIOFUELS : MARKET INTEGRATION Different forms of biomass resources are available in Albania to cover energy services related to heating ; electricity generation ; and transport , as shown in the Technical Annex . Figure 15 shows that fuel wood , agriculture crop waste , biomass pellets , and biogas contribute a very important share of the RES ’ s heating demand . RES supplies in the transport sector , which are primarily biodiesel , are targeted at a 10 % share of renewable energy in transport , and in the RES scenario , the transport biofuel share could reach up to 15.5 % at the year 2030 , exceeding the target of 10 % . # 3.13.12 REGIONAL BIOENERGY MARKET DEVELOPMENT Several important recommendations regarding how Albania might support development of a regional bioenergy market and how the regional market might supplement the Albanian biomass resources are summarized below20 and described in more detail in the Technical Annex . 1 . Identify the most urgent forest road rehabilitation projects in Albania through the preparation of forest roads master plans in cooperation with other W-B countries . The plans should be prepared in line with best environmental practice for forest road rehabilitation guidelines . 2 . Legislation and regulatory technical framework should be improved in line with : o Requirements set in international agreements of sustainable forest management and use ; o Principles of biodiversity conservation and mitigation of consequences of climate change . ; 3 . Introduce techniques of silvicultural thinning of young forest stands , the conversion of coppices into high forests , and the increasing use of logging residues for production of woody biomass . 4 . Enhance the efficiency of data collection , control & monitoring mechanisms on sustainable forest management in Albania and W-B countries 5 . Promote forest protection and sustainable forest management in order to decrease the consumption of woody biomass that is coming from unknown sources ( 58 % of the total ) . Improve forest governance through simultaneous use of incentives , regulations , sanctions and rewards . 6 . Reduce the risk of forest fires by establishing an integrated management system that involves : o Identification of main risks for forest fires and implementation of prevention activities through public awareness raising activities ; o Improvement of equipment for the monitoring , surveillance and detection of the fires ; o Improvement of fire suppression equipment by providing vehicles for fighting forest fires . ; 7 . Provide capacity building for all stakeholders at the local level , in order to gain their support for implementation of recommended activities . These activities would also support biomass market development in Albania . 8 . Create the enabling environment for the use of