in the development and deployment of a regional gas transmission network for a sub-regional market . In addition to the establishment of a national gas transmission and distribution network , the possibility of a connection to a wider regional network offers Albania the opportunity to develop sustainable gas sector and become part of a more robust gas market . Development of dual national and regionally connected gas network infrastructure provides Albania with more options towards building its natural gas supply portfolio while expanding its role as trading hub in the region . Benefits for Contracting Parties are achievable through several market integration options aiming at establishing regional wholesale natural gas markets in South East Europe and Central East Europe ( SEE/CEE ) and their further integration in the European Union internal natural gas market . Based on feasibility criteria including gas sources , interconnection , gas hub , timescale and consumption , Albania was found to be a critical node in the establishment of two possible market integration options corridors in the South East Europe region , augmented by the development of LNG terminals . These strategic projects include the Adriatic Integration Corridor and the Ukraine South Integration corridor . The Adriatic Integration corridor consists of a market integration option that involves Albania and Montenegro with Croatia , Italy , Greece , and Bulgaria . While it offers high potential to access different supply sources for the Contracting Parties along the Ionian and Adriatic Seas , this market integration option will only deliver its full benefits when all needed and planned infrastructure projects critical to its implementation are completed . From an Albania perspective , it is worth noting that this market integration option would solve the natural gas supply imbalance in the country , while allowing the country to become a natural trading hub for the region . On the implementation side , portion of the Trans Adriatic Pipeline ( TAP ) is under construction . TAP ’ s route through Albania is around 271 kilometers , of which 211 kilometers is onshore and 60 kilometers is offshore . Some advantages of TAP for the region include :  Independent , non-discriminatory and open for third parties and private investments , ;  Deepening the diversification and security of gas supply in Europe , ;  Potential for enlargement of new and additional projects , ;  Built-in concept of flexibility by construction of gas storage in Albania . ; Similarly , the Ionian Adriatic Pipeline ( IAP ) project which aims at interconnecting the existing and planned gas transmission system of Croatia with the TAP . The project will make Albania the gateway for Caspian gas to enter the West Balkans . Some advantages of IAP for the region include :  Diversification of gas supply in South East Europe , ;  Providing access to future Croatian and Albanian gas storage capacities , ;  Economic development in the West Balkan region , ;  Trading hub