long term could attract further generation capacity investment in renewable energy given its hydropower potential , achieve a smarter diversity of supply sources through energy imports from other countries thermal generation , and improve its security of supply . From a transmission infrastructure standpoint , such endeavors require the development of transmission interconnection between the concerned countries . To that effect , the projects mentioned below can be seen as part of the process to further integrate Albania and other Contracting Parties within a larger regional electricity market system :  Starting commercial operation of the 400KV interconnection line between Tirana2 ( Albania ) and Kosova B ( Kosovo ) , which should increase the electrical energy exchange potential between the Albania and Kosovo up to 600 MW . This project was commissioned in June 2016 . However , in order to make this line operational the recognition by ENTSO-E of Kosovo transmission system as a separate control area is needed . ;  Construction of a 400 KV interconnection line between Elbasan ( Albania ) and Bitola ( Macedonia ) , which should increase the electrical energy exchange potential between Albania and Macedonia up to 600MW . This project should be operational by 2018. ; # 3.13.4 REGIONAL ELECTRICITY MARKET INTEGRATION STATUS For Albania to take full advantage of the electricity market liberalization as directed in the Third Energy Package , additional steps towards its implementation are still needed . Some of the positive achievements to date include :  April 2015 - Adoption of new power sector Law in transposition of the Third Energy Package . It transposes Directive 2009/72/EC and Regulation ( EC ) 714/2009 ;  April 2015 onwards – Participation in the Coordinated Auction Office of South East Europe with Montenegro ;  October 2015 – Memorandum of Understanding on regional capacity coordination initiative with the TSOs of Kosovo , Greece , Macedonia , Turkey and Bulgaria . ;  November 2015 onwards - Participation in the Coordinated Auction Office of South East Europe with Greece ;  January 2016 – Adoption of the law enabling ownership unbundling of OST ;  April 2016 – Signing of the WB 6 Memorandum of Understanding on regional electricity market development and establishing a framework for other future collaboration ;  July 2016 – adoption of a set laws including :  Albania market model : o will consist of a day-ahead market , intraday-day market , settlement functions and a balancing market ; o will consider the coupling of the Albanian market with neighboring markets ; ; ;  Price regulation phase out ;  Action Plan for setting up power exchange ( PX ) ; Secondary legislation remains to be fully enforced16 , more specifically with respect to :  Balancing : the actual real-time balancing mechanism is not market based . Further balance responsibility is not compliant with the acquis . ;  Market Opening : full competitive market access on the retail markets is