industrial sectors .  Exempt producers of solar thermal systems from the customs duties and VAT for these solar water heaters . ;  Reimburse producers or assemblers of the solar water heating systems providing sanitary or technological hot water the customs duties paid for the raw materials imported for actually assembling or producing solar water heating systems . The Council of Ministers , upon the proposal of Minister responsible for energy , shall approve the rules and procedures for governing reimbursement of such customs duties . ;  The Council of Ministers , upon the proposal of the Minister responsible for energy , shall determine the economy sectors and the categories of buildings , the minimum area or the capacity of the solar water heating systems , technical requirements of solar water heating systems to be installed as well as the specific procedures and criteria to be followed regarding the enforcement and monitoring of such an obligation by the responsible institutions . ; # 3.10.4 SUPPORT ENERGY EFFICIENCY MECHANISMS IN INDUSTRY SECTOR The only grant program available for the industry sector is managed by EBRD ( WeBSEDFF ) with a grant level up to 20 % of the loan amount required , and Albania is part of this scheme since 2010 . IFIs usually extend loans to local Participating Banks which then provide loans to private sector companies for industrial energy efficiency projects . In Albania , the new EE Law defines an ESCOs role , and the Government support to ESCOs , based on new secondary legislation that will be prepared during 2018 and will assign their development to the private sector only . # 3.10.5 SUPPORT OF ENERGY EFFICIENCY MECHANISMS IN TRANSPORT SECTOR On average in the EU , half of the measures in the transport sector are directly targeted at cars and that share rises to 60 % if measures on fuel substitution ( e.g . on the promotion of biofuels ) are also included . Only a limited number of measures address freight transport , despite it being the transport mode with the most rapid increase in energy consumption in last decade . Two-thirds of national measures target improvement in the efficiency of -or reduction of CO2 emissions from - new cars , with financial incentives to purchase more efficient/low emission new cars being the most common measure . Based on the experience of new and old EU Member States discussed above , and different financial and fiscal mechanisms , the following are recommendations that can be implemented in Albania and can bring significant EE improvements in the transport sector :  Require Vehicle Technical Centers ( VTCs ) to provide strict and regular technical testing , including measurement of air pollutant and CO2 emissions , for all categories of cars and freight transport . These VTCs will be useful for governments in preparing taxes related to energy efficiency and forecasting of transport energy use and in providing a realistic basis for target setting and