to EU countries since the unit cost of biodiesel production in Albania is high compared to EU producer since the plant capacity in Porto Romano is 2.5 to 10 times lower than average EU ’ s plant capacities . # 4 . FINANCIAL RESOURCES # 4.1 INTRODUCTION The National Strategy of Energy is a multidimensional strategy with a long-term planning horizon ( 2014- 2030 ) that involves a considerable number of sectors and sub-sectors , policies and results . This chapter aims to identify the financial resources that are likely to be required for implementation of the policies , objectives and results that have been identified in this Strategy . Given the uncertainties inherent is developing an energy strategy , the investment funding needs for each scenario were developed in general terms from the LEAP model scenario results and specific sectoral cost parameters . This chapter describes how these financial requirements were estimated , and presents a detailed breakdown by sector . The total investment needs can be sourced directly from private investors ( foreign and domestic ) , donor institutions , and public institutions , including public funding from the state budget . The investment contributions can take the form of grants , loans and other anticipated capital , operational and major technical assistance funding . The estimates that follow include all the sources that fulfil the investment funding needs . It is expected that the National Energy Strategy will have a minimal influence on the distribution of public expenditures , and that the required investments are mostly likely to come from private sources , development banks , foreign technical assistance and finally from the state budget . To that end , it is intended that proposed financial instruments do not have , or have minimal influence on the competitive market conditions in the context of free market access and development of sustainable market prices , with no cross-subsidization and compliance with EU rules on state aid if such is applied . Due to the fact that this National Strategy of Energy extends over the period of 2018 to 2030 , it is likely that unforeseen developments may occur during the years to come , not only to identified objectives , which may be achieved earlier than planned , but also to new challenges which may arise in the future . Therefore , existing planned resources may need to shift from one budget program to the other , or new resources may need to be committed according to new needs . This chapter quantifies the likely capital investment expenditures over time and will serve as a reference document guiding future government spending plans . In the meantime , the existing staff of the responsible institutions in most cases will be directly responsible for the implementation of the necessary operational measures . # 4.2 METHODOLOGY This financial chapter covers the required investments for all sectors of the Albanian energy system : power sector ( generation , transmission and distribution )