File Name : ALB-NREP-2021-EN Year : 2021 Country Name : Albania Country Code : ALB Category : NREP Document Title : DENA Factsheet : Renewable Energy in Albania Exists ? : Y Publication Date : 2021 Start Year : 2021 End Year : nan Language : EN -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- UNECE Renewable Energy Uptake Factsheet : Renewable Energy in Albania # Status of Renewable Energy Deployment With 45 % of the total primary energy supply ( TPES ) , Albania has one of the largest shares of renewable energy in its energy mix in South-East Europe . The renewable energy share in Albania is predominantly hydropower of which accounts for 95 % of all generating capacity , with the remaining divided between solar ( 1 % ) and crude oil ( 4 % ) . The remaining share of supply comes from imports making Albania a net energy importer and thus heavily reliant on imports . Being also heavily reliant on hydropower also means that renewable generation is sensitive to rainfall , of which has seen considerable annual variations and a steady decline in recent years . This is likely to further decline with the effects of climate change . In addition to hydropower resources , Albania also has abundant solar and wind resources , which are currently almost entirely untapped . In order to improve energy security and climate resilience and to meet growing energy demand , it is imperative that Albania accelerates the transition to those abundant , available and local , renewable energy sources . # Renewable Energy Potential Within Europe , Albania has some of the highest sunshine hours per year , representing significant potential for solar energy development . The coastal south and far north of the country also hold immense potential for wind power development . Both solar and wind could effectively complement the existent hydropower fleet . # Policy Landscape and Targets  The current National Renewable Energy Action Plan ( NREAP ) sets a target of 38 % for the renewable energy share of total final energy consumption ( TFEC ) by 2020. ;  The NREAP also stipulates technology-specific deployment targets to achieve this goal : 7MW hydropower , 490MW solar PV , 50MW wind and 41MW waste-to-power by 2020 , which have not yet been reached . ;  The National Energy Sector Strategy ( 2018 ) formulates a target of 42 % of renewable energy in the TPES by 2030 which has already been achieved . ;  A National Energy and Climate Plan ( NECP ) is under development and will set out renewable energy targets up until 2030. ; # Support for Renewable Energy  Small-scale renewable assets in Albania are eligible for feed-in-tariffs guaranteed through the obligatory purchase of energy by the distribution system operator ( DSO ) . ;  Utility-sale projects are auctioned