petroleum agreement and conducting petroleum operations under signed agreements ;  Monitoring the implementation of agreements on hydrocarbons ;  Supervises mining , hydrocarbons and energy ;  Performs the monitoring of areas used , the risk of closure of mining and mining activities ;  Monitoring the concessionary contracts for hydropower ;  Exclusively manages all primary hydrocarbon sector data and data related to mining and postmining activities ;  Propose measures to increase the use of energy in the energy cycle ;  Drafting and publication of the annual energy balance , in national and regional level , in accordance with Eurostat formats and International Energy Agency . ; Once the new EE Agency is set up , AKBN will need to work closely with the new Agency to minimize overlap between the two agencies , and to ensure that both are working towards common goals . Specifically , responsibility for preparing plans for the implementation and monitoring of the NEEAP is likely to move to the Agency for EE and AKBN will be focus more towards RESAP . AKPT – National Territorial Planning Agency and National Territory Council : The National Territorial Planning Agency ( “ AKPT ” ) is a public institution subordinated to MUD that is responsible for preparation and coordination of the national planning instruments . AZHT - National Agency of Development : AZHT has responsibility for making decisions regarding specific projects of national importance . This includes , for example , approval of construction permits for projects in the energy sector such as power generation , transmission and distribution , and oil and gas projects . AKM – National Environment Agency : National Environment Agency ( “ AKM ” ) is an institution subordinated to the Ministry of Tourism and Environment , which is responsible for reviewing and approving the environmental impact assessments for large development projects , such as those in the energy sector . The Agency also has responsibilities for monitoring compliance with environmental standards . PUBLIC ENERGY COMPANIES In addition to the government departments and agencies presented above , there are a number of large public energy companies in Albania who are essentially the incumbent state-owned utilities . These companies will be affected by elements of the reforms being implemented , such as unbundling requirements , and the introduction of increasing levels of competition in the sector . The section below sets out some of the key implications of reform for these public energy companies , and the priority actions are summarized in Table 3.Albania Power Corporation , KESh : KESH remains the dominant electricity generator in Albania , generating ~75 % of power generated in 2015 . Originally KESh was established as a state-owned , verticallyintegrated company comprising all functions of electricity generation , transmission and distribution . In 1995 , according to two laws9 , KESh was transformed into a joint stock company with 100 % of the shares owned by the state , and KESh started to