agricultural residues for heating through the implementation of measures that involve : o Utilization of the olive pomace from olive oil industry , wood processing , wine production and fruit processing industries for meeting the respective energy demand within the above mentioned sectors and producing pellets/briquettes for selling them ; o Use of abandoned agricultural land ( mainly grasslands ) that is currently not utilized for agricultural production ; o Increasing agricultural productivity , which is low compared to EU countries ; o Establishment of standards for the production of agricultural biomass feedstocks for energy purpose ; o Progress in developing commercially available conversion technologies that use agricultural biomass . ; # 3.13.13 BIOFUEL SUPPORTING ALBANIAN RES TARGETS FOR TRANSPORT Albania has adopted in February 2008 and amended it on June 2016 a specific law ( Law no . 9876 , dated 14.02.2008 ) on biofuels and other renewable fuels used for transport . The purpose of this new law is to promote production and use of biofuels and other renewable combustibles used for replacement of oil by-products in the transport sector , in order to help reduce GHG emissions , promote the cultivation of energy crops and to protect the environment . The law transposes the former EU Directive 2003/30/EC of May 8 , 2003 on promotion of biofuels or other renewable fuels used for transport . The law on biofuels has established specific targets for using of biofuels in transportation sector , and according to the law on renewables these targets are integrated into the overall target for renewables in the total final energy consumption in the country . According to the law on renewables , implementation of the NREAP will be monitored by the agency responsible for the renewable energy sources , which is expecting to have authority and competencies in monitoring the compliance with the targets established for all renewables including biofuels . At the same time , the new law on biofuels will confer to the Agency responsible for renewables the responsibility for monitoring and verifying the compliance of biofuel producers with the sustainability criteria established in the law . The administration and protection of the land is made by the Sections of Land Administration and Protection established in each Council of County according to the Law no.8752 , date 26.03.2001 “ On establishing and functioning of structures for land administration and protection ” as amended , and by the offices of land administration and protection in communes and/or municipalities . Albania has applied only one supporting measure for producers of biofuel , that of tax exemption . The scheme provides tax exemptions ( VAT and custom duties ) for machineries and equipment used for construction of a biofuel producing plant . Whoever gets a permit to construct a biofuel producing plant will benefit from this scheme . The scheme doesn ’ t have any specifications regarding the technology used for biofuel production to benefit from the scheme . The VAT is reimbursed according to