integration in the regional market In addition to the challenges above , three future challenges for the Albanian energy system are to reach the RES target in 2020 and beyond , the EE target for reduction in final energy use , and the NDC target for GHG emission reductions . These energy sector challenges are compounded by the uncertainty in energy and economic indicators , the lack of an appropriate and effective infrastructure to collect data , and the lack of development strategies in some sectors . The final challenge is management of the transition to the new market model , including the protection of vulnerable customers . # 2 . STRATEGIC VISION , POLICIES AND OBJECTIVES This National Energy Sector Strategy contains the following Vision for 2030 : Development of domestic energy sources , leading to a regional integrated and diversified energy system based on market principles , able to meet demand for energy and for sustainable development of the economy , ensuring security and quality of supply , safety , environmental protection and climate action , and increased welfare . # 2.1 STRATEGIC CONTEXT The Energy Strategy for Albania 2017-2030 is the core strategic document for the country ’ s energy sector . It is consistent with the national efforts to sustain economic development , and meet commitments to the Energy Community , EU integration and other international agreements , while increasing the security of energy supply and minimizing environmental impacts with affordable costs for Albanian citizens and the economy . The Energy Sector Strategy is developed in accordance with the National Strategy for Development and Integration II ( NSDI - II ) , and it is the sector strategy that will guide the policy-making at high levels of the public institutions , as well as the private sector . The Energy Sector Strategy is part of the Integrated Planning System ( IPS ) and is intended to be an important reference document that will enable development partners to align their development and cooperation strategies and programs with Albania ’ s priorities and framework for development and EU integration . The Energy Sector Strategy was prepared in compliance with the requirements of Article 4 ( 2 ) of Power Sector Law ( Law no.43/2015 , date 30.04.2015 ) and with the support of the USAID Enhancing Capacity for Low Emission Development Strategies ( EC-LEDS ) program , which is part of worldwide efforts to address climate change and promote transitions to low-carbon economies . The national energy-sector strategy is designed to meet the development needs of the country and provide its citizens/consumers with a stable , reliable and affordable energy supply based on the regional integration and diversification of the energy sector . # 2.2 GUIDING PRINCIPLES The principles guiding the development of this energy strategy are consistent with the goals of the NSDI – II , specifically to :  Increase the security of energy supply with affordable costs for Albanian citizens and the economy ; 