The UNDP social and environmental assessment procedure will be used and support will be rendered to the key stakeholder response mechanism . 30 . UNDP will participate in the United Nations system Communications Group to work on strategies and content related to joint programmes , special initiatives and mass campaigns . It will also participate in bilateral meetings and teams work for the same purpose . # IV . Monitoring and evaluation 31 . Indicators defined in the results and resources framework will be used to follow up on progress towards the achievement of development outcomes . Every year , UNDP will update the database and will prepare a report to be shared with the Government during the annual programme review . The evaluation of actions carried out within the country programme framework will be performed according to the UNDP evaluation guidelines . UNDP quality standards will be applied during the project life cycle . 32 . UNDP will encourage implementing partners to use specific , measurable , achievable , relevant and time-bound indicators , disaggregated by gender , age , geographic location and other relevant variables , taking into account specific information on the most disadvantaged population . 33 . The gender marker will continue to be a key instrument for planning , oversight and evaluation to determine whether programme and project design meets the specific needs of women and ensure gender equality mainstreaming . 34 . Information to prepare reports will be taken from different sources : the National Institute of Statistics and Censuses , ministerial databases and those of other relevant agencies , information generated by projects and international statistics . Partnerships will be enhanced with academic and public institutions and CSOs to help monitor development outputs and outcomes in a joint effort of the United Nations system . 35 . Programme and project evaluations will be carried out to identify lessons learned and generate knowledge in support of evidence-based decision-making . UNDP will support national capacity-building to generate information , evaluate policies and contribute to exploring innovative approaches for public policy evaluation . 36 . Evaluations will appraise the UNDP contribution to national outcomes and priorities and determine achievements . Recommendations will be used as input for designing new initiatives , making programme adjustments to ongoing activities , and incorporating lessons learned and good practices . 37 . UNDP will consolidate comprehensive planning , monitoring , and evaluation to reinforce knowledge management and accountability , including mechanisms to identify contributions and select replicable innovative initiatives .