other international commitments , promoting intersectionality and mainstreaming gender equality , intergenerational equity and disaster risk management ; ( b ) If the rational management of chemical substances , products and waste is improved , assuming that proposals and activities are developed and support continues at the national and subnational levels , then human health and the environment will be protected ; ( c ) If mechanisms are implemented for the protection and sustainable use of biodiversity , assuming that the participation of women , local farmers and the indigenous peoples in the country is assured , then the environment , human health and livelihoods will be protected at the national and subnational levels and between sectors . UNDP will work in partnership with the Ministry of Environment and the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) in supporting the country ’ s fulfilment of international conventions.\ 16 . Democratic governance . The hypothesis is that : ( a ) if institutional innovation and streamlining of programmes are based on standards of transparency and accountability and include accessible digital interventions ( applying signature solution 2 to strengthen effective , accountable and inclusive governance ) , and assuming that institutional engagement and resources are available , then the effectiveness of public policies will be enhanced to foster the provision of public services and diminish the digital gap from a differential and intersectional approach ; and ( b ) if effective participatory institutional mechanisms are developed to access information and mainstream human rights , assuming the programmers ’ engagement of intersectoral partners at all levels of government , the participation of civil society and the required funds , then equal access to justice for all will be enhanced , reinforcing the rule of law and human safety . UNDP will work in partnership with the Ministry of Justice and Human Rights and CSOs . 17 . UNDP will mainstream the gender equality signature solution in all actions . Considering challenges identified in the previous programmatic cycle , UNDP , in partnership with UNWomen , the European Union and CSOs , will emphasize the importance of allocating specific resources to promote gender equality and the empowerment of women and LGBTI+ persons and actions to eradicate gender-based violence . 18 . Through its Sustainable Development Goal Accelerator Lab , UNDP will establish new approaches ( sense-making , solutions mapping , collective intelligence , designing and testing ) , adjusting to the complexity of the current development challenges and the design of innovative evidence-based instruments . Partnerships will be created and reinforced as a platform for catalysing solutions and the exchange of knowledge , resources and solutions among government , civil society , academia and the private sector . 19 . UNDP will strengthen its partnership strategy with stakeholders involved in multisectoral approaches . This will allow collaboration to catalyse efforts and resources . UNDP will continue strengthening its partnership with the Foreign Coordination and Planning Secretariat as the public coordinating agency and will continue