in the north ; continue to make progress in mainstreaming the gender perspective and rights-based approach in all sectors ; emphasize programme integration , synergies and knowledge transfer ; and reinforce the use of evaluations to learn from them and make evidence-based decisions . 9 . UNDP will continue partnering with the Government to reduce human development inequalities over the life cycle by strengthening comprehensive strategies and policies within the Sustainable Development Goals . 10 . Taking into consideration its comparative advantages , UNDP will continue working as a platform in support of achieving the Goals to : ( a ) establish partnerships by convening multiple stakeholders to catalyse efforts and resources ; ( b ) apply innovative approaches to identify new ways of addressing challenges ( new financial and legal instruments and approaches ) ; ( c ) provide comprehensive responses through substantive advice including economic , social and environmental dimensions , the human rights-based approach and gender and diversity from an intersectional approach ; ( d ) provide support services to project execution through standardized , systematic and proven management methods that ensure efficiency , transparency and accountability ; ( e ) generate knowledge using innovative and empirical approaches ; and ( f ) strengthen institutional capacities at all government levels . 11 . The country programme was developed along with and is fully aligned to the United Nations Sustainable Development Cooperation Framework ( UNSDCF ) . Consultations were held with government counterparts including the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , International Trade and Worship ; the Secretariat for Strategic Affairs of the Presidency ; the National Social Policy Coordination Council ; and the Secretariat of Human Rights of the Nation . Dialogue and validation processes were conducted with the Ministries of Foreign Affairs , International Trade and Worship ; of Justice and Human Rights ; of the Environment and Sustainable Development ; of the Interior ; of Labor , Employment and Social Security ; of Health ; of Education ; and of Women , Gender and Diversity , among others . To include the federal perspective , a working session was held with the Federal Sustainable Development Goals Network . Contributions from civil society included the Ombudsman 's Office , unions , nongovernmental organizations that work on human rights issues , the private sector through the Global Compact , and specific population groups such as youth , women , migrants and refugees , the LGBTI+ community and representatives of indigenous peoples . # II . Programme priorities and partnerships 12 . The overarching vision of the country programme 2021-2025 is to reduce existing human development inequalities throughout people ’ s lives , and to support the country ’ s socioeconomic recovery by developing comprehensive policies to boost growth alongside social inclusion and environmental protection , ensuring an integrated social protection system that will leave no one behind . UNDP will contribute to eliminating barriers to access to basic services , reducing territorial disparities , mainstreaming gender equality ,