, national execution may be replaced by direct execution for part or all of the programme to enable response to force majeure . The harmonized approach to cash transfers will be used in a coordinated fashion with other United Nations agencies to manage financial risks . Cost definitions and classifications for programme and development effectiveness will be charged to the concerned projects . 23 . The Foreign Coordination and Planning Secretariat will be the national counterpart in charge of coordination , and other national and subnational authorities will be implementing partners . Programme execution will be coordinated with the United Nations system and joint programmes will be promoted . 24 . The programme will be executed according to a results-based management model to progressively increase the level of efficacy and efficiency and ensure its contribution to national priorities and the 2030 Agenda . The partnership and resource mobilization strategy will focus on funding opportunities for innovative solutions to address complex development challenges . UNDP will collaborate with the Government to facilitate South-South and triangular cooperation , identifying and facilitating the systematic exchange of solutions , experiences , innovation and good practices among actors from countries of the Global South , such as public institutions , academia , civil society , intergovernmental , subregional and binational mechanisms . UNDP will support the country regarding its positioning in multilateral bodies and forums . 25 . The creation and enhancement of partnerships will be promoted with other multilateral development agencies , the private sector and national institutions . 26 . The risk that could affect the scope of the country programme targets is greater budgetary and financial constraints within an economic slowdown , aggravated by the impact of COVID-19 . 27 . Within the post-pandemic social and economic recovery plan outlined by the United Nations system , UNDP will follow up on the socioeconomic situation , providing an integrated view to facilitate monitoring of the pandemic ’ s impact as well as technical inputs for designing and implementing response and recovery measures.\ 28 . The COVID-19 pandemic aggravated pre-existing health risks and could put the functioning of the general health system in crisis , making it difficult to treat other diseases . UNDP will support the ministries of health at national and subnational levels to provide equal access to health and a healthy environment , addressing emerging diseases , with an emphasis on perinatal and pregnant women ’ s health , disabilities , prevention and treatment of chronic non-communicable and communicable diseases ( including HIV-specific services ) , access to sexual and reproductive health and prevention of unintended adolescent pregnancy . 29 . To ensure the expected outcomes , and in agreement with the UNDP Programme and Operations Policies and Procedures , the Foreign Coordination and Planning Secretariat and UNDP will periodically analyse and manage project risks . Risk monitoring will be used as an early warning , risk management and decision-making tool , seeking greater consistency and efficiency of cooperation outcomes .