improving public sector capacities , preventing environmental degradation and recovering affected environments , providing strong support to policy and programme implementation , capacitybuilding and state innovation at the national and subnational levels . These priorities are reflected in the UNDP Strategic Plan , 2018-2021 . 13 . Inclusive and sustainable development . The theory of change hypothesizes that if productive initiatives at the local and regional levels foster sustainable entrepreneurship and innovation in an inclusive manner , and also consider the impacts on the country ’ s ecosystem , then the productive matrix will be diversified , promoting labour-market recovery , development of sustainable financing and fostering social inclusion , emphasizing the economic participation and empowerment of women and the integration of vulnerable populations . The assumptions are that entrepreneurs , local companies and unemployed people will participate and be better prepared to increase productivity and to join the labour market ; and that the private sector will participate and offer resources . UNDP will work in partnership with government agencies , trade unions and the International Labour Organization ( ILO ) . 14 . Access to social services and social protection . The theory of change posits that : ( a ) if community organizations have stronger capacities to ensure food security for vulnerable groups and to provide community services such as health care and professional training , based on a gender and diversity approach ( applying signature solution 6 ) ; and ( b ) if innovative strategies reduce inequalities in access to health services and address emerging diseases , then hunger and malnutrition will be reduced and access to health for all will be guaranteed , with an emphasis on perinatal and maternal health , disabilities , prevention and treatment of chronic diseases , access to sexual and reproductive health care , and prevention of unintended adolescent pregnancy . The assumptions are that training will be effective and help community organizations to better deliver services , that the population will engage and go to health facilities and that public resources for health are available . UNDP will work in partnership with the Ministry of Social Development , the Ministry of Health , the United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) , the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women ( UN-Women ) and subnational governments . UNDP will support the creation of a comprehensive care system based on the co-responsibility principle , with the participation of civil society organizations ( CSOs ) , the private sector and families . 15 . Environment . The theory of change supposes that : ( a ) If the Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development ensures the fulfilment of the climate action agenda ( applying signature solution 4 ) , assuming that stakeholders are responsive and provide resources and support , then the country will advance in achieving the commitments of the Paris Agreement on Climate Change , the Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction 2015-2030 and