sectors ( women , LGBTI+ persons , informal male and female workers and the self-employed ) . Data for the second quarter of 2020 show an increase in the Gini index compared to the same period in 2019 , scaling up to 0.451 from 0.447 . 4 . Although Argentina has doubled its protected areas in the last few years , it is not exempt from hazards and pressures brought about by the current development model , resulting in the disturbance , fragmentation and degradation of ecosystems such as desertification , expansion of extractive activities , illegal trade of flora and fauna , invasion of alien species , the energy matrix profile , pollution and climate change . 5 . Concerning institutional capacity , there are differences between jurisdictions and within public sector institutions on efficiency , transparency and accountability ; administration ; planning , monitoring and evaluation process upgrades ; and coordination among the different state levels to address and contribute to eliminating structural inequalities . There is a need to strengthen strategies to access information across the country and ensure effective mechanisms for citizen participation . 6 . The Gender Inequality Index for Argentina is 0.354 , placing it 77 of 162 countries . Within this context of social vulnerability and economic contraction , it is even more critical to close the gender gap . To do so , the gender equality perspective must be further mainstreamed in all actions and the effective representation of women in decision-making must be guaranteed . 7 . UNDP Argentina is recognized by all parties as a strategic partner contributing to the implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development . The 2019 independent country programme evaluation underscores that UNDP has helped to improve provincial health-care services by providing support to the streamlining of the health system and the interconnection of the health-care network . UNDP supported the implementation of the National Food Security Plan through community organizations . It contributed significantly to entrepreneurship and production capacities , with positive outcomes at the local level . UNDP supported government efforts to promote information and communication technologies for open government initiatives , improving public service transparency and efficiency and facilitating citizen participation . UNDP has promoted access to justice , improving the justice system ’ s coverage and quality , particularly for disadvantaged groups including victims of gender-based violence . It also promoted women ’ s political participation and economic empowerment , and the reduction of gender-based violence . UNDP improved institutional capacities in environmental governance and management , assisting the Ministry of Security in developing a national comprehensive risk management and civil protection system , and also the Argentine Ministry for the Environment and Sustainable Development in generating environmental data using upgraded information technology systems . 8 . UNDP will support institutional reforms ; leverage implementation of the Sustainable Development Goals and environmental strategies at the subnational level ; explore opportunities to strategically expand collaborative partnerships at the provincial level , particularly