reinforcing relationships with academia , trade unions , think tanks , CSOs and the private sector . The main donors in this programme cycle will be the national and subnational governments and vertical funds such as the Global Environment Facility ( GEF ) and the Green Climate Fund . 20 . UNDP will extend its integrator role , seeking synergies with other United Nations agencies , different government sectors and other stakeholders , to provide comprehensive solutions to complex development issues within the framework of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development . The office will implement joint initiatives ( Spotlight , Joint SDG Fund , etc . ) and will coordinate actions with United Nations agencies in development projects , mainly in : ( a ) Preventing unintended adolescent pregnancy ( UNFPA , United Nations Children ’ s Fund ( UNICEF ) ) ; ( b ) Eliminating violence against women and girls and femicide ( UN-Women ) , ILO , UNFPA , UNICEF ) ; ( c ) Mainstreaming human rights , gender equality and diversity approaches ( UN-Women , UNFPA , UNICEF ) ; ( d ) Preventing discrimination and violence against people with HIV ( Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS , Pan American Health Organization/World Health Organization ( PAHO/WHO ) , UNICEF ) ; ( e ) Promoting an inclusive green economy through green job creation ( ILO , UNEP , United Nations Industrial Development Organization , United Nations Institute for Training and Research ) ; ( f ) Strengthening childcare services ( UNICEF , ECLAC , ILO ) ; ( g ) Climate change mitigation and adaptation ( UNEP , Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations ) , sustainable consumption and production ( UNEP ) , the International Humanitarian Network ) and wetlands regulatory framework ( all programmes , funds and agencies of the United Nations system in Argentina ) ; ( h ) The local Global Compact network in Argentina ( ILO , ECLAC ) ; ( i ) Integrity , sustainability and transparency ( UNEP Finance Initiative , Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights ( OHCHR ) ) ; ( j ) Strengthenig capacities to prevent trafficking in persons ( ILO , International Organization for Migration ) ; ( k ) Human safety and effective participation ( PAHO/WHO , OHCHR , ILO ) ; ( l ) Promoting human rights standards ( United Nations system ) . # III . Programme and risk management 21 . This country programme document outlines the UNDP contributions to national results and serves as the primary unit of accountability to the Executive Board for results alignment and resources assigned to the programme at country level . Accountability of managers at the country , regional and headquarter levels with respect to country programmes is prescribed in the organization ’ s Programme and Operations Policies and Procedures and Internal Control Framework . 22 . The programme will be nationally executed . If necessary