country and a drastic reduction of greenhouse gas emissions was recorded in the transport sector between 1998 and 2018 . The structure of fuel and electricity consumption in the Transport sector is based on the statistical data and expert estimates . During the base year , total energy consumption of this sector was 620.2 ktoe , representing 29.6 % of the total FEC of Armenia , divided between : rail , metro , other electric transport ; road transport ; aviation ; non-specified ( other transport ) . Figure A.1.5 shows the base year consumption of transportation subsectors by fuel types . The road sub-sector had by far the biggest share in this sector , representing 611.5 ktoe or 98.6 % of total transport FEC and 29.2 % of total Armenian FEC . Natural gas and oil were the main types of fuel consumed in transport and particularly in road sub-sector , representing 62.3 % and 36.3 % respectively . The Agriculture sector has a small share in total FEC , with the use of energy in 2016 of 42.7 ktoe , representing 2 % of Armenian total FEC . This includes electricity , diesel and kerosene . Oil products composed the largest share in agriculture energy consumption , at 32.8 ktoe or 76.8 % , consisting of gas/diesel oil , excluding bio ( 25.2 ktoe ) and other kerosene ( 7.6 ktoe ) . Figure A.1.6 describes the sectoral consumption by fuel types . Further analysis of sectoral energy consumption shows that :  The entire share of electricity was consumed for irrigation purposes ;  Diesel fuel was only used by the agricultural machinery for crops sowing and harvesting ;  The amount of kerosene was insignificant and is assumed to have been used for other purposes . ; # APPENDIX 2 . ELECTRICITY GENERATION OPTIONS FOR TIMESARMENIA # 1 . INTRODUCTION This Appendix describes the power plant options available in the TIMES-Armenia model . If not otherwise noted , the main source for data is Projected Costs of Generating Electricity 2015 Edition , prepared by the Nuclear Energy Agency and International Energy Agency and published by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( NEA/IEA/OECD , 2015 ) . It complies power plant data across a selection of countries , but where the only non-OECD country included in this list is China . # 2 . GAS-FIRED GENERATING TECHNOLOGIES The Projected Costs of Generating Electricity 2015 report identifies two gas-fired generation options : combinedcycle gas turbines ( CCGTs ) and open-cycle gas turbines ( OCGTs ) . It includes data for 17 natural gas-fired generators ( 13 CCGTs and 4 OCGTs ) . For TIMES-Armenia four CCGTs and 4 OCGTS were chosen from same countries ( Belgium , Germany , UK , New Zealand ) and their characteristics were averaged . For fossil fuel plants , the residual value of equipment and materials shall normally be assumed to be equal to the cost of dismantling and site