when incomes fall ) . The key finding of this sensitivity analysis is that there are no differences in total new power plant capacities by type required to cover electricity demand between the two GDP growth scenarios as compared to the BASE-R scenario , with only the implementation schedule for new solar , wind and hydro being very slightly different depending on the required consumption level in each time period . Thus , there is virtually no impact as well on the investment requirement for new electricity generation capacity as compared to the BASE-R scenario . The only effect of higher income growth lies in the increased ( decreased ) utilization of existing installed capacity of both RES and gas-fired thermal power plants , with a concomitant increase ( decrease ) in expenditures on natural gas fuel . Given this key result , no further detailed sensitivity analyses of the impacts of higher and lower growth rates is reported for other scenarios . # 4.2 NUCLEAR DEVELOPMENT SCENARIOS # 4.2.1 SCENARIOS DESCRIPTION Activities to extend the operational lifetime of the ANPP up to 2027 are already in place and the plant was included in the BASE-R Scenario to be decommissioned from that time . Given that the available nuclear technologies included in the TIMESArmenia model were not selected on the basis of least cost in the BASE-R Scenario and that the GOAM as a matter of policy remains committed to maintain some nuclear power in the countrys energy mix , the following alternatives for continued inclusion of nuclear generation in the Armenia system are examined : a ) Forced implementation of a new nuclear plant upon ANPP decommissioning , in particular :  Forced implementation of a new nuclear unit with installed capacity 300 MW ( Small Modular Reactor - SMR ) ;  Forced implementation of a new nuclear unit with installed capacity 600 MW . ; b ) Further life extension of ANPP , in line with international experience and ensuring all required safety upgrades ( e.g. , in the U.S. extension of NPPs lifetime this could be as long as 80 years ( https : //www.iaea.org/newscenter/news/going-long-term-us-nuclear-power-plants-could-extend-operatinglife-to-80-years ) , in particular :  Operating life extension of the ANPP for an additional 5 years after 2027 - up to 2032 , with $ 300 million of additional investment ;  Operating life extension of the ANPP for an additional 10 years after 2027 - up to 2037 , with $ 600 million of additional investment . ; Thus , four ( 4 ) Nuclear Scenarios have been developed starting from the BASE-R Scenario and for each of them one of the above forced options has been allowed . # 4.2.2 NUCLEAR SCENARIO RESULTS As shown in Table 4.9 , life extension of the ANPP to 2032 reduces total energy system cost19 by 0.8 % , while extension to 2037 reduces it by 1.2 % , principally through reduced use of imported natural gas and the fact that additional