) natural resources are managed sustainably with respect for the needs of future generations ; ( d ) governance systems are people-centred and effective , ensuring political stability , transparency and social cohesion ; and ( e ) the economy is knowledge-based , green and competitive , thus capable of attracting investments , creating jobs and facilitating the return of migrants . 15 . The compound crisis has exacerbated issues in Armenian society that limit potential , competitiveness and capabilities at both individual and institutional levels . UNDP will focus on a more future-oriented and integrated way of helping to shape and realize a new narrative for Armenia . This means an increased focus on understanding and tackling pre-existing and emerging vulnerabilities and risks in the crisis setting and an upper-middle-income context , many of which were revealed by the socioeconomic impact assessment of COVID-19 . It will also entail support for a renewed social contract between citizens and the State ; rebuilding social cohesion and trust ; investing in science and developing national research and development capacities ; supporting the private sector to adopt sustainable models for a green recovery ; and helping the Government build its strategic view of territorial development , linked to addressing depopulation in remote rural areas and secondary towns . UNDP will support Armenia to reimagine and evolve its governance systems , making them more agile , effective , service-oriented and shock-resilient , underpinned by a strong civic culture and linked to real investments in human capital development . Moreover , as a result of the escalation , the number of border communities within Armenia has doubled . These communities are vulnerable also due to the proximity of foreign military forces and the absence of adequate infrastructure . The implementation of programmes aimed at the development of border communities , including the creation and rehabilitation of infrastructure , particularly in the southern regions of Armenia , is a priority . 16 . The country programme is firmly grounded in a human-rights-based and risk-informed approach to development , guided by national priorities , the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development , the UNSDCF and the UNDP Strategic Plan 2018-2021 . To ensure that the programme effectively tackles the interconnected nature and root causes of development challenges , systems thinking and participatory approaches are being applied . 17 . The country programme aims to achieve results across four key areas : ( a ) sustainable and inclusive socioeconomic development ; ( b ) environmental sustainability and resilience ; ( c ) democratic governance and gender equality ; and ( d ) evidence-based policy , financing and innovation aligned to the Sustainable Development Goals . 18 . The pathway to sustainable and inclusive socioeconomic development will entail initiatives that promote early recovery and community resilience , including in border communities , targeting the most vulnerable groups such as war veterans , persons affected by conflict , women and children . Efforts will be directed towards risk-informed and sustainable