further summarizing these in differences from the BASE-R scenario . As in the forced nuclear scenarios , after the addition of Yerevan CCGT-2 ( RENCO ) , no gas-fired units are added , and with both solar ( 1500 MW ) and wind ( 500 MW ) reaching their imposed limits , in the Cumulative GHG 127 Mt scenario the low-carbon electricity is added from a new 600 MW nuclear unit from 2033 , which also eliminates construction of the medium-sized HPP Loriberd . In the GHG Target by 2030 scenario the least-cost solution is achieved by construction of both Loriberd and Shnokh HPPs in 2030 to meet the requirements on additional GHG emission reduction at this milestone year , with nearly the full permissible limited amount of solar ( 1,448 MW ) and 500 MW of wind farms , as well as two 300 MW nuclear units , the first added in 2022 and the second in 2033 . While the objective of this scenario is to examine how an earlier move to the NDC GHG limitation affects system outcomes , it is important to highlight that while having a new 300 MW SMR by 2022 is not feasible , both scenarios clearly indicate that introduction of new nuclear generation together with some demand-side management activities represents the least-cost solution to reduce GHG emissions Table 4.35 summarizes the total of new electricity power generation capacity installed over the planning horizon for both GHG reduction scenarios and compares them to the BASE-R scenario . There is a significant increase in new power plant capacities compared to the BASE-R scenario , with these additions arising from GHG emission “ free ” technologies , such as nuclear , hydro , solar and wind , which reduce the utilization of already-installed thermal power plants . Table 4.36 below presents projected installed electricity generation capacities by plant or plant type for each of the GHG reduction scenarios , as well as the BASE-R scenario . As noted earlier , these scenarios with inclusion of nuclear generation results in somewhat less solar capacity , while the more aggressive policy on emission reduction results in adding 600 MW of new nuclear , as well as both medium-sized HPPs . Figure 4.26 shows the aggregate projected generation levels by plant type over the planning horizon , which for the most part mirrors the installed capacity trends above , with the notable exception of gas-fired plants which show a marked difference by scenario . In both of the GHG reduction scenarios the level of gas-fired generation is significantly lower compared to the BASE-R scenario : by 13 % in the Cumulative GHG 127Mt scenario ( i.e. , 4,905 million m3 less gas is used over the planning period ) ; and by 21.5 % when the GHG reduction target is reached by 2030 ( using 8,519 million m3 less gas ) . While no gas-fired capacity is added in any scenario , it is notable that in both