. Figure 4.29 below illustrates that while there are no differences between 25 % reduced FEC and BASE-R scenarios in terms of the total new power plant capacities by type needed to cover electricity demand , there is a slight variation in the implementation schedule depending on the required consumption levels in each time period . Figure 4.29 . 25 % reduced FEC Scenario : Construction of New Power Plants ( by type ) , MW Figure 4.30 shows the aggregate projected generation levels by plant type over the planning horizon , which are almost the same in the 25 % reduced FEC scenario compared to the BASE-R scenario , with an overall difference of less than 2.8 % over the entire period to 2036 . During the first half of the planning horizon - up to 2027- there is a reduction of electricity generation in gas-fired power plants by 1,050 GWh , with almost the same amount of additional generation provided by wind farms ( 1,092 GWh ) . In the period after 2027 , the growth of electricity demand is fully covered by increased generation from gas-fired plants and by the earlier implementation of the Loriberd HPP , as compared to the BASE-R Scenario . Table 4.45 summarizes the comparative total natural gas cost savings as a result of its reduced use in all sectors as compared to the BASE-R scenario . While the very small overall changes in power sector fuel expenditures for natural gas amounted to a $ 7.55 million reduction in comparison to the BASE-R scenario over the entire planning period , significant savings are recorded in total imported natural gas cost equal to $ 768 million as a result of more intensive implementation of energy efficiency technologies across the range of demand side uses . While as noted above there are no differences in the total amount of new generation capacity added to the system in this scenario as compared to the BASE-R scenario , there is a very slight increase in total lumpsum investments in new generations due to the shifts in timing of the costs realized , as shown in Table 4.46 . Finally , the TIMES Armenia model results show that reduced use of fossil fuels arising from increased use of more efficient demand devices will tend to significantly reduce GHG emissions in the system as compared to the BASE-R scenario , by 14 % , as shown in Table 4.47 . Table 4.48 presents data showing the sectors of the economy ranked by their level of reduction of GHG emissions . The most significant role in GHG reduction is played by the Transport sector , which contributes over half of the total , followed by the Residential sector at 30 % and the Commercial sector at 19 % of total reductions . Industry and Agriculture together contribute just 1 % to total GHG emissions reductions , while the Power sector slightly increases its GHG emissions - by 3 % of