main data of the Armenian Energy Balance for the base year ( 2016 ) , as officially published by International Energy Agency ( IEA ) ( Source : https : //www.iea.org/statistics/ ? country=ARMENIA & year=2016 & category=Energy % 20supply & indicator=TPESbyS ource & mode=table & dataTable=BALANCES ) Table 1.5 presents the Armenian Energy Balance for 2016 , which includes also the amounts of other energy carriers used , in particular coal and oil . As with gas , practically all coal and oil products are imported from abroad ( see Table 1.6 ) . The cumulative share of those coal and oil products in Armenia ’ s Energy Balance is less than 10 % and they do not play a significant role in the country ’ s economy . Almost three-quarters of oil products are used in transport , not only as fuel but also as lubricants . According to the IEA “ World energy balances , 2018 edition , Database documentation ” ( http : //wds.iea.org/wds/pdf/worldbal_documentation.pdf ) these flows are defined as follows :  Total primary energy supply ( TPES ) is made up of production + imports - exports - international marine bunkers - international aviation bunkers ± stock changes . ;  Transformation processes comprise the conversion of primary forms of energy to secondary and further transformation ( e.g. , coking coal to coke ; crude oil to oil products ; fuel oil to electricity ) . Inputs to transformation processes are shown as negative numbers and output from the process is shown as a positive number . Transformation losses will appear in the “ total ” column as negative numbers . ;  Energy industry own use covers the amount of fuels used by the energy producing industries ( e.g. , for distribution ) . It includes energy consumed by energy industries for heating , pumping , traction and lighting purposes . ;  Total Final Consumption ( TFC ) Is the sum of the consumption in end-use sectors and for nonenergy use . Energy used for transformation processes and for own use of the energy producing industries is excluded . Final consumption reflects for the most part deliveries to consumers . Note that international aviation bunkers and international marine bunkers are not included in final consumption except for the world total , where they are reported as world aviation bunkers and world marine bunkers in transport . ;  Non-energy use covers those fuels that are used as raw materials in the different sectors and are not consumed as a fuel or transformed into another fuel . Non-energy use is shown separately in final consumption under the heading non-energy use . Note that for biofuels , only the amounts specifically used for energy purposes ( a small part of the total ) are included in the energy statistics . Therefore , the non-energy use of biomass is not taken into consideration , and the quantities are null by definition . ; # IMPORTED ENERGY