600 MW of nuclear power . Given the slightly different implementation patterns for introduction of nuclear units in these scenarios as compared to the forced implementation in 2027 , the impact on total investment costs for new power generation capacity is even larger compared to the BASE-R scenario , ranging from $ 5.4 - $ 7.0 billion . # Scenarios with Lower Prices for Imported Natural Gas The BASE-R scenario assumed that the natural gas price will increase up to projected European levels by 2027 ( the year of ANPP decommissioning ) and after that continue to match European levels . We also explored two scenarios with lower gas prices , starting from the same initial border gas price effective from January 1 , 2019 , of US $ 165 per 1000 m3 , which i ) applied the EU trend growth rate over the entire period to 2036 from that starting point , and ii ) assumed that the border gas prices grows to US $ 180/1000 m3 by 2027 and remains fixed at that level until the end of the planning period . These scenarios both show that if Russia continues to provide relatively low-cost natural gas to Armenia there will be a significant increase of natural gas consumption across all sectors , but mainly in electricity generation , transportation and residential heating . In both scenarios , the expanded use of existing gas-fired TPP capacity means that the mid-sized HPPs ( Shnokh and Loriberd ) are not built , while no additional thermal power capacity is required after the inclusion of Yerevan CCGT-2 ( RENCO ) and the closure of Hrazdan TPP . This results in a roughly 20 % reduction in the lumpsum investment required for new generation in these scenarios as compared to the BASE-R scenario , the lowest in any scenarios . It is useful to note that the constrained levels of solar and wind generation are still fully built , which generates an investment cost saving as compared to BASE-R of $ 377 million in the case with the EU trend to 2036 and of $ 391 million when the gas price is capped at $ 180 . In both scenarios there is an overall increase in total primary energy supply by 1 - 1.5 % , because of increased use of the cheaper imported natural gas which is accompanied by a reduction in use of VRES . While total energy system cost is reduced when gas prices are lower , it is important to note that the increased utilization of cheaper gas maintains and deepens Armenia ’ s dependence on imported energy . # Scenarios to Promote Fuel Switching to Electricity in Transport and Heating The most consumed fuel source in Armenia is and will continue to be imported natural gas , most of which is used for residential heating and transport . Since increased electricity generation based on development of Armenia ’ s VRES is indicated as a least cost solution