, analyses and conclusions of the year-long activity undertaken by the Scientific Research Institute for Energy ( SRIE ) , under sub-contract to Tetra Tech ES Inc. as the lead implementing partner for the USAID Market Liberalization and Energy Trade ( MLET ) Program , to prepare an update of the Armenia Least Cost Energy Development Plan ( LCEDP ) for the years 2020- 2036 . This work utilized the Integrated MARKAL-EFOM System ( TIMES ) model which is an economic model generator for local , national , multi-regional , or global energy systems , developed and maintained under the auspices of the International Energy Agency ’ s Energy Technology Systems Analysis Program , which provides a technology-rich basis for representing energy dynamics over a multi-period time horizon . The TIMES model platform provides an integrated energy system modelling tool designed to guide policy formulation over a wide range of energy , economic and environmental planning and policy issues , helping to establish investment priorities within a comprehensive framework . Key features of the TIMES platform include that it encompasses the entire energy system from resource extraction through to end-use demands ; employs least-cost optimization to identify the most cost-effective pattern of resource use and technology deployment over time ; provides a framework to evaluate medium- to long-term policies and programs that can impact the evolution of the energy system ; and quantifies the costs and technology choices that result from imposing those policies and program . Thus , the TIMES platform is specifically a tool to develop and compare scenarios for future energy development and as such can be a productive tool to foster stakeholder buy-in and build consensus around energy sector policy . In order to adapt the generic TIMES model to become the TIMES-Armenia model , the SRIE team first established as a base year that period for which there was a complete set of data on production and consumption of all energy carriers used in Armenia - the energy balance . In addition , for the base year it was necessary to establish the energy production and consumption technologies in all sectors of the economy and to analyze and subdivide the initial volumes of energy among all available end-use technologies . When work on the current project was initiated in August 2018 , the most recent year for which all relevant data for the Armenian economy and energy sector were available was 2016 . This was selected as the base year . Having calibrated the model to confirm that its 2018 results matched available data , the first stage of the scenariobuilding process was to establish the initial Baseline ( or Reference ) scenario for the period planning period 2020 – 2036 . # The Baseline Scenario The TIMES-Armenia modelling exercise started by imposing no constraints on the technology choice for future energy sector development . A key result of this exercise was to identify that expansion of variable renewable energy sources ( VRES ) ,