of 1,000 kWh . One fourth of the country ’ s territory is endowed with solar energy resources of 1,850 kWh/m2/year . A Renewable Energy Investment Plan for Armenia was approved in the framework of the Scaling-Up Renewable Energy Program ( SREP ) of the Climate Investment Funds , with SREP resources are being allocated to develop up to 110 MW of utility-scale solar PV . According to the first stage of the “ Solar PV Plant Construction Investment Project ” approved by GoA Protocol Decision 53-37 dated December 29 , 2016 , it is foreseen to construct the utility-scale Masrik-1 solar PV power plant with 50-55 MW capacity in Gegharkunik Marz of Armenia . Construction of another 5 PV plants with about 60 MW total capacity are being planned . On July 18 , 2018 the Ministry of Energy Infrastructures and Natural Resources signed a Government Assistance Agreement “ On Design , Funding , Construction , Ownership , Possession and Exploitation of Masrik-1 PV power plant in Mets Masrik community of Gegharkunik Region of Armenia ” . The parties of the Agreement are FRV Masrik CJSC ( as a Constructor ) , Fotowatio Renewable Ventures B.V and FSL companies ( as a Sponsor ) and the Government of RA . The limit for the construction of utility-scale Solar PV Plant of up to 1 MW installed capacity is set at 10 MW total installed capacity , and 12 companies have received Licenses . Currently 4 solar PV plants ( total installed capacity about 2.6 MW ) are commissioned . # 7.1.1.3 WIND According to Wind Energy Resource Atlas of Armenia , prepared by the U.S. National Renewable Energy Laboratory in 2003 , the economically justified potential of wind energy is about 450 MW of total installed capacity with about 1.26 billion kWh of electrical energy production per year . The main perspective sites are located in Zod pass , in Bazum Mountain ( Qaraqhach and Pushkin passes ) , in Jajur pass , in the territory of Geghama Mountains , in Sevan pass , in the region of Aparan , in highlands between Sisian and Goris , in the region of Meghri . Monitoring of the wind potential at Sotk pass in Gegharkunik region has been completed by Zod Wind CJSC private company . The company is negotiating with different organizations to attract the investment for construction of the Zod wind farm , with planned installed capacity of 20 MW . Monitoring of wind potential at Karakhach pass in Shirak region has been completed by Ar Energy , Armenian - Italian private company . The company is planning to construct the Qaraqhach 1 wind farm , with initial planned capacity of 20 MW , which will be enlarged later up to 140 MW . # Proposed Investments Projects In the framework of the EU TACIS program “ Assistance to Energy Policy of Armenia ” , monitoring work has been carried at Semyonovka pass in Sevan region and the pre-feasibility