BASE-R scenario were modelled to explore the impacts of higher and lower GDP growth rates on the least cost development pathway of Armenia ’ s energy system . The particular cases analysed were for a 50 % higher growth rate ( i.e. , 6.75 % growth per year ) and a 50 % lower rate ( i.e. , 2.25 % growth per year ) as compared to the BASE-R scenario assumption of a 4.5 % per annum GDP growth rate from 2022 . While these higher ( lower ) growth rates had the expected impact in regard to increasing ( decreasing ) total system costs , total primary energy supply , final energy consumption and electricity generation , it was especially interesting to note that the higher GDP growth rate also reduced the share of total system cost in GDP , owing to the fact that it was accompanied by significant lowering of the energy intensity of a unit of GDP . In fact , the high-growth case of BASE-R projects an even lower level of total primary energy supply per unit of GDP than the scenario which explicitly pursued reduced final energy consumption through expanded energy efficiency . This enhanced efficiency was most clearly demonstrated in the fact that while overall GDP increases in total by 27 % compared to the BASE-R scenario , total system costs increase only by 12 % and total primary energy supply by 6.3 % . This reflects the fact that aggregate purchases of new energy demand devices increase by almost 19 % , which embeds higher levels of efficiency over time as incomes rise . A surprising but crucial result from these sensitivity analyses is that the TIMESArmenia model projects no differences in the projected total of new power plant capacities in level or by type required to cover electricity demand over the full range of GDP growth variation . While there are slight variations in the implementation schedule for new solar , wind and hydro power capacity , the only effect of higher ( lower ) income growth lies in the increased ( decreased ) utilization of existing installed capacity of both VRES and gas-fired thermal power plants , with a concomitant increase ( decrease ) in expenditures on natural gas fuel . # Nuclear Scenarios Activities to extend the operational lifetime of the ANPP up to 2027 are already in place and in the BASE-R Scenario the plant was to be decommissioned from that time . While available nuclear technologies included in the TIMES-Armenia model were not selected in the BASE-R Scenario on the basis of least cost , the GOAM remains committed to a policy to maintain some nuclear power in the country ’ s energy mix . To analyze the cost and other implications of these choices , four alternative scenarios for continued inclusion of nuclear generation in the Armenian power system were examined as : operating life extension of the ANPP for an additional 5 or 10 years