broad development of hotels , restaurants , shops , etc . This is expected to result in relatively high growth of demand for space cooling and heating , lighting , cooking , etc . For this sector , the elasticity has taken as 0.6 for all demand types ( space cooling , space heating , cocking , lighting , hot water and other appliances ) and for the entire planning period . ;  Industry : It is assumed that the demand growth will be mainly driven by the Food & Tobacco sub-sector and by development of the non-metallic minerals sub-sector . The elasticity for these sectors has been taken as 0.9 for the entire planning period . This assumption was made based on the analysis of available Armenian energy balances for recent years and on industry data as presented in the Yearbooks of the Armenian Statistical Committee . ( https : //www.armstat.am/en/ ? nid=586 ) ;  Residential : Due to the projected slight decrease in population , the main demand driver , i.e. , GDP per capita , still grows . In terms of the TIMES modelling logic , this means that living conditions will improve , which allows the population the possibility to buy more appliances , in addition to existing ones . More space in homes and apartments will be heated ( e.g. , a country-specific issue today is heating of part of flats/homes ) . Also , the number of people per household is projected to reduce , which means that the number of apartments would increase and more energy will be needed for space heating and cooling , lighting , etc . The model also includes other drivers which will lead to reduced energy consumption , such as the demolition rate of old buildings and replacement with more energy efficient new buildings , and internal improvement of appliances ’ efficiency , even when replacing the same one . All of these drivers are captured in the model and the results show that on net , consumption will increase . Two elasticities have been defined for Residential sector : That for space heating , space cooling , hot water preparation is assumed at 0.4 ; and that for cooking and other appliances at 0.2. ;  Transport : It is assumed that the growth of the population ’ s standard of living , combined with Commercial sector development will require more differentiated types of passenger and freight vehicles , which will result in growth of Transportation end use energy demand . Sector elasticities for buses are distributed through the planning period , dropping from 1.3 in 2018 to 0.25 in 2036 . For passenger carrying international aviation , the elasticity is kept constant at 0.51 . For heavy-duty vehicles , cargo international aviation , and commercial trucks the elasticities will decrease from 1.1 to 0.95 . For rail passenger transportation the sector elasticity is set at 0.64 , and for freight rail transportation at 0.5.