case of limitation of GHG emission in line with NDC requirements , and by 4.0 % in the scenario where this target is reached in 2030 . As will be shown later , this is primarily due to reduction of natural gas use for electricity generation in power sector through its replacement by electricity produced by a new 600 MW nuclear unit ( Figure 4.23 ) . As Shown in Figure 4.23 , while the Cumulative GHG 127 Mt scenario very closely resembles the earlier New Nuclear scenario with a 600 MW NPP added , there are differences in the implementation schedule , as the earlier forced nuclear scenario brought the plant into the system from 2027 , while this GHG reduction brings it on line in 2033 , which results in a small difference in total system cost due to discounting . In the GHG Target by 2030 scenario there is also a different implementation schedule , with nuclear capacity added as compared to the earlier 300 MW ( SMR ) scenario . Figure 4.23 further shows how reaching the NDC target GHG emission limitation with nuclear and renewable replaces primarily imported natural gas . The data in Table 4.33 below indicate that in both of the GHG reduction scenarios there is an overall increase in TPES . As was explained earlier in the description of the nuclear scenarios , the fact that NPP efficiency is around 33 % means that the scenario-driven generation of additional nuclear electricity as compared to BASE-R is replacing the gas used in CCGTs , which have an efficiency of around 56 % , contributes to this increase in TPES . Again , as the timing of implementation for new nuclear generation in these GHG reduction scenarios differs from the nuclear scenarios , there are slight differences in primary energy needs in each milestone period . A further factor influencing these results lies in the switching for demand devices to replace higher carbon emitting technologies with lower emission ones ( e.g . oil products in the Transport sector being replaced by “ cleaner ” gas-using devices ) . As a final initial summary point , the comparisons in Table 4.34 below indicate that there only a very slight reduction ( well under 1 % ) in overall final energy consumption in both of the GHG target scenarios as compared to the BASE-R scenario . As noted above , the structure of energy carriers used on the demand side in these GHG emissions reduction scenarios differs from that in the nuclear scenarios , reflecting the requirement to reduce GHG by replacing higher-emissions devices with lower-emissions ones , while in the new nuclear scenarios the main driver of FEC is more electricity consumption from forced implementation of nuclear power . Figure 4.24 presents the projected construction of new electricity generation capacity in MW by type over the period 2020 - 2036 for the BASE-R scenario and the two GHG target reduction scenarios , with Figure 4.25