planning period , with its share rising from 6.6 % of TPES to nearly 16 % by 2030 , as the new generation reaches its assumption-allowed limits . No other sources of primary energy supply show significant changes from the IU BASE scenario . Given the continuing large and expanded role of gas in TPES with the limitation of RES implementation , we again considered whether capacities of existing gas pipelines might cause possible gas supply restrictions . The results indicate that by the end of planning period , the gas imports from Russia would increase to 2.58 billion m3 or just under 71 % of maximum capacity of pipeline ( see Table 3.7 above ) . The FEC distributed by sectors and fuel types is presented in Table 3.12 , which shows no significant changes when compared to the FEC in the IU BASE Scenario ( Table 3.8 above ) . Figure 3.6 presents the net present value of the sum of all costs , as projected by the model , that are associated with ensuring development and operation of Armenia ’ s energy system to meet the projected energy consumption over the period to 2036 , as total of US $ 41.0 billion , which is higher than Base case without renewables limitation by US $ 512 M , an increase of 1.3 % . As noted earlier in the discussion of Figure 3.3 , these projected costs comprise all costs associated with supply of energy , generation of electricity and with the enduse demands for energy across all five sectors of the model , i.e. , Agriculture , Commercial , Industry , Residential , and Transport . As shown in Table 3.13 , which summarizes the levels and changes in total discounted system development costs between the IU BASE Scenario and the Baseline-Reference Scenario , in fact the 2 % overall increase in costs associated with the imposed limitation on VRES generation expansion masks a 2.9 % decrease in investment costs and a 10.4 % increase in fuel costs , largely associated with the increased use of gas . Figure 3.6 . Structure of Total Discounted System Cost to 2036 ( US $ Million , % ) Finally , the least-cost configuration of the power sector as determined by the TIMES-Armenia model is presented in Table 3.14 , showing for the BASE-R Scenario the total installed capacity in each period in MW . As noted earlier , in addition to existing generation units , this scenario includes the introduction of the RENCO gas-fired Yerevan CCGT2 and the Masrik-1 solar PV power plants according to their scheduled Commercial Operation Dates and also forces the decommissioning of the ANPP and Hrazdan TPP at the end of their current operational lifetimes , 2027 and 2021 , respectively . In addition , the limitation of VRES to 1.5 GW of Solar PV and 0.5 GW of Wind farms is in force . In the BASE-R scenario , by the end of