capped at $ 180 . In both scenarios there is an overall increase in TPES , by 1 - 1.5 % , because of increased use of the cheaper imported natural gas , which is accompanied by a reduction in use of VRES . In the case when gas prices follow the EU trend , replacement of renewables by natural gas results in total additional TPES of around 32 PJ , which is distributed between an increase of 56 PJ ( roughly 1.6 billion m3 ) of natural gas and a reduction of renewables use by 22 PJ over the planning period . When the gas price is capped at $ 180 from 2027 , the increase of TPES is roughly 49 PJ , comprising an increase of 85 PJ of gas ( roughly 2.4 billion m3 ) , which is offset by a 34 PJ reduction of use of renewables . While total energy system cost is reduced when gas prices are lower , it is important to note that the increased utilization of cheaper gas maintains and deepens Armenia ’ s dependence on imported energy . # 5.4 PROMOTING FUEL SWITCHING TO ELECTRICITY IN TRANSPORT AND RESIDENTIAL HEATING Analysis of FEC by energy carrier and sector showed that the most consumed fuel source in Armenia is and will continue to be imported natural gas , most of which is used for residential heating and transport . Since increased electricity generation based on development of Armenia ’ s VRES is indicated as a least cost solution in the BASE-R scenario , and confirmed in all other scenarios , expanding use of these domestic energy resources could be accompanied by implementation of policies to stimulate use of electricity in the transport and residential sectors to replace natural gas imports . To explore these opportunities , we examined the following scenarios : • Increase in the penetration level for the use of electricity in residential heating to 25 % in 2027 and to 50 % by 2036 ; • Increase in the penetration level for use of electric vehicles to 25 % in 2027 and to 50 % by 2036. ; • Both of these scenarios together . ; As shown in Table 5.1 , each of these scenarios proposing increased sectoral electricity penetration separately reduces total system cost ( in combination by 3 % ) , reduces TPES ( again , in combination by 5 % ) , lowers GHG emissions ( by nearly 8 % , in combination ) and decreases imports of natural gas for electricity generation ( in combination by 7.6 % ) . Most importantly , no change in the overall level and type of new generation is required by the model as compared to the BASE-R scenario to achieve these results , with only a negligible increase in the lumpsum investment costs for new generation capacity associated with slight variations in the implementation schedule for the projected additions of solar and wind power . The