on the derivation of Shnokh HPP . The characteristics of the Shnokh HPP , without construction of Armanis reservoir , are as follows :  Design head - 247.3 m ;  Design discharge - 37 m3/s ;  Design Power Capacity - 76 MW ;  Annual Energy Production - 291.4 million kWh ;  Derivation Length-22 km ;  Daily regulated pond - 450 thous.m3 . ; On August 10 , 2017 , the GoA adopted Protocol Decision N 973-A “ On approval of Framework Agreement signed between the Government of Armenia , Debed Hydro LLC and Investors Club of Armenia Closed-end Contractual Nonpublic Investment Fund for the Design , Construction , Funding , Ownership , Possession and Exploitation of Shnokh Hydropower Plant with 76 MW Installed Capacity in Lori Region of RA . A Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) was signed between Debed Hydro LLC , subsidiary of Energy Invest Holding CJSC and the U.S. Robbins Company , that has substantial international experience in boring large tunnels . According to the MOU , Robbins would invest charter capital for Debed Hydro LLC by providing a Tunnel Boring Machine for boring the water pipe with 22 km length foreseen by Shnokh HPP construction program , training local Armenian specialists in use of the boring machine , and provide technical support during duration of the boring works . The estimated cost of the implementation of Shnokh HPP construction program is about 150-190 million USD . # Meghri HPP The feasibility study of Meghri HPP was prepared by the Iranian Mahab Ghods consulting company at the bequest of the Iranian Water and Energy Development Company . The feasibility study for development of Meghri HPP was coordinated and controlled by Armenian-Iranian Joint Technical Committee . In accordance with the feasibility study completed in 2008 the possibility to construct 2 HPPs on the river Araks : Meghri HPP in Armenian side and Gharachilar HPP on Iranian side is foreseen . Megri HPP 's main technical characteristics are as follows :  Design discharge 160 m3/s ;  Design Power Capacity 100 ( 2х50 ) MW ;  Energy Production 793 million kWh ;  Derivation length ( tunnel ) 18200 m ;  Tunnel Inner diameter 8.5 m ;  Design head 90 m . ; In the framework of Armenia ’ s inter-governmental commission with Iran , it was decided to construct Meghri HPP and Gharachilar HPP with 100 MW installed capacity each , taking into the considerations the water resources new survey results . # Small HPPs As of the 1st of January , 2018 and according to the provided licenses , 36 additional SHPPs are under construction , amounting to about 69 MW capacity and 250 million kWh electricity annual supply . # 7.1.1.2 SOLAR Armenia has a significant solar energy potential . The average annual amount of solar energy flow per square meter of horizontal surface is about 1,720 kWh , compared with the average European figure