of concern , the following scenario , which we develop as the Baseline-Reference Scenario ( BASE-R ) , imposes a certain limitation on grid-connected solar PV and wind generation expansion . In particular , the following sections develop the BASE-R Scenario in which total VRES development is capped at 2,000 MW , of which grid-connected solar PV can be at maximum 1,500 MW over the planning period and wind generation at 500 MW . Based on wide discussion with Armenian solar experts it was assumed that construction capacities would be limited to around 100 MW per annum , which would imply around 1,600 MW over the planning horizon 16 years . As a practical matter , based on current construction tendencies it was decided to impose the limit at 1,500 MW over the planning horizon . Once we have compared this BASE-R Scenario to the IU BASE Scenario presented in the previous section , in Chapter 4 we will then proceed to use the BASE-R Scenario as the point of comparison for examining further the alternate policy scenarios that have been identified by key sector stakeholders as of interest in looking to reshape the evolution of the Armenian energy system . # 3.7.1 MAIN ASSUMPTIONS FOR THE BASELINE-REFERENCE ( BASE-R ) SCENARIO The BASE-R Scenario maintains the same assumptions regarding key demand drivers and hence the same projected growth of sectoral demands for useful energy as in the IU BASE Scenario ( Section 3.5 above ) ; it also retains the same assumptions related to gas prices , electricity losses , net exports , energy efficiency adoption rates and inclusion of Yerevan CCGT2 and Masrik-1 . In addition , the BASE-R Scenario introduces the following assumptions related to limiting VRES deployment over the period from 2020-2036 :  Introduction of new VRES generation capacity is limited to 1.5 GW for solar PV ( central and decentralized ) and 0.5 GW of wind . ;  Annual maximum new capacity additions are capped at 100 MW for central solar PV , 4/5 MW for Residential/Commercial rooftop PV , and 50 MW for wind . ;  No other technical limitations are imposed on the introduction of new power generation candidate technologies in the system for the planning horizon . ; # 3.7.2 SUMMARY OF BASE-R SCENARIO RESULTS Starting again with the projection of main energy sources over the planning time horizon , Table 3.11 shows that natural gas remains by far the dominant source , with its share in TPES at around 68 % in the period following the exit from the system of the ANPP in 2027 , having declined to 50 % prior to that period . In fact , compared to the IU BASE Scenario , gas increases its share of TPES by about 10 % after 2027 and its amount by around 25 % as a result of limiting VRES builds . In the BASE-R Scenario , RES increases around two and a half times over the