the total - as a result of increases in electricity production from gas-fired power plants that are be required to cover the requirements of new demand side devices . # 5 . SUMMARY CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS As noted earlier , the TIMES-Armenia model provides a platform for integrated energy system modelling that is designed to guide policy formulation over a wide range of energy , economic and environmental planning and policy issues , and thereby help to establish investment priorities within a comprehensive framework . Key aspects of the TIMES platform include that it : i ) encompasses the entire energy system from resource extraction through to end-use demands ( “ well-to-wheels ” ) ; ii ) employs least-cost optimization to identify the most cost-effective pattern of resource use and technology deployment over time ; iii ) provides a framework to evaluate medium- to long-term policies and programs that can impact the evolution of the energy system ; and iv ) quantifies the costs and technology choices that result from imposing those policies and program . Besides the strengths of the core modelling features of TIMES , the framework includes powerful model management tools to facilitate the effective use to inform decisionmakers . Thus , the TIMES platform is specifically a tool to develop and compare scenarios for future energy development and as such can be a productive tool to foster stakeholder buy-in and build consensus . The following sections highlight some of the key insights for energy sector policy development in Armenia over the period to 2036 that can be gleaned from the detailed scenario analyses presented above . To facilitate this discussion , we have gathered selected key modelling metrics and ratios in Tables 5.1 and 5.2 . Detailed model results for each of the core scenarios can be found in Appendix 4 . The fact that the full amount of solar and wind capacity is selected by the model as part of the least cost solution for new generation under all scenarios underscores the importance to Armenia of ensuring a policy and institutional environment that supports full realization of new VRES generation to the maximum extent practicable , not only to ensure the lowest cost generation but also to minimize reliance on other imported energy sources and to strengthen Armenia ’ s energy security and competitiveness . # 5.1 THE BASELINE REFERENCE ( BASE-R ) SCENARIO The TIMES-Armenia modelling exercise started by imposing no constraints on the technology choice for future energy sector development . A key result of this exercise was to identify expansion of variable renewable energy sources ( VRES ) , in particular solar and wind energy , as the clear least-cost sources for new generation capacity , given the combination of Armenia ’ s rich solar resource and trends in declining cost of solar power over the planning period . As a result , the level of projected VRES capacity in the initially unconstrained variant of the baseline scenario was so high ,