DEVELOPMENT OPTIONS # 7.1.1.1 SMALL AND MEDIUM SIZE HPPS Lack of fossil fuel in Armenia dictates the necessity to utilize domestic energy sources ( hydro , wind , solar , etc . ) as much as ecologically and economically feasible . With respect to small hydro resources , according to PSRC data , in addition to existing 186 small hydro power plants ( SHPPs ) with total installed capacity 336.4 MW , 31 companies have licenses for construction of 56.88 MW SHPPs . At this stage , no additional SHPPs are foreseen for construction due to new more stringent ecological and technical requirements , changes in water resources patterns , in part due to global warming , and the absence of economically feasible locations . As stated by Ministry of Energy Infrastructures and Natural Resources , there is still potential for development of medium-size HPPs , in particular Lori-Berd , Shnokh and Meghri . Below are some main indicators for these projects . # Lori-Berd HPP Construction of the Lori-Berd HPP ( with around 60MW of installed capacity and 200 million kWh of annual energy production ) on the Dzoraget river plays important role for the Armenian hydro energy sector development . In the years 2003-2004 Fichtner prepared a feasibility study for the above-mentioned station . In February 2007 , Fichtner updated the price calculations for the project . Price increases were mostly attributed to higher equipment cost . Lori-Berd HPP Is planned to be constructed in the northern part of Armenia , where there are not large production entities , and would strengthen the energy supply to the northern parts of the country , as well as provide the energy system with opportunities for parallel operation between Armenia and Georgia . It is foreseen to implement the Lori-Berd HPP construction by attracting private financial investment . Lori-Berd HPP characteristics are as follows :  Design head – 343 m ( with daily regulated pond ) – 311.75 m ( without daily regulated pond ) ;  Design discharge - 25 m3/s ( with daily regulated pond ) - 20 m3/s ( without daily regulated pond ) ;  Design Power Capacity - 65.3 MW ( with daily regulated pond ) - 54.3 MW ( without daily regulated pond ) ;  Annual average Energy Production - 202.9 million kWh ( with daily regulated pond ) - 208.3 million kWh ( without daily regulated pond ) . ; # Shnokh HPP The original design of Shnokh HPP was prepared by Armhydroenergy Project in 1966 and was updated in 1993 . Construction of the Armanis reservoir with 130 million m3 capacity would allow to construct a power station with 120 MW of the installed capacity and 460 million kWh annual energy production . The head pond of Shnokh HPP would be constructed at the top of the Debet River , after the unification of Dzoraget and Pambak rivers . It is foreseen to correct the flow of Marts and Kistum steams