Both of these scenarios combined . ; # 4.4.2 REPLACEMENT OF GAS TO ELECTRICITY SCENARIOS RESULTS As shown in Table 4.25 the total system cost will decrease by around 1.2 % in the scenario with forced penetration of electricity use for residential heating and by around 1.8 % in case when 50 % of the transport stock comprises electric cars by the end of planning period . In the combined scenario , the total system cost difference from BASE-R is practically the same as the sum of the differences of individual scenarios , amounting to a 3.0 % reduction in total discounted system costs . Table 4.26 shows that in all scenarios there is an overall decrease in TPES , primarily because of reduced use of imported natural gas and oil products . In the residential heating scenario , replacement of natural gas consumption by electricity results in savings of around 76 PJ of natural gas ( roughly 2.2 billion m3 ) over the entire planning period . In the electric vehicle scenario , the TPES savings amount to 79 PJ which comes from a combination of reduce use of oil products ( 61 PJ ) and gas ( 31 PJ ) , while at the same time there is an increase of around 12 PJ of renewable energy sources to cover the increased electricity demand . Finally , in the combined scenario the total savings in TPES compared to BASE-R amounts to 153 PJ , of which 105 PJ is from reduced use of gas and a little more than 60 PJ from oil products , which again there is an additional 12 PJ of renewable energy sources to balance the total energy demand . Figure 4.19 below illustrates these changes in composition of TPES as compared to the BASE-R scenario for each of the scenarios replacing gas with electricity . In all scenarios we see a slight increase in renewables , as expected . Given that oil products are not used in residential heating , all of their reduction in TPES is found in the scenario with increased use of electric vehicles . In the scenario with residential heating increased to 50 % from electricity by the end of the planning period , we see reduction of total natural gas supply ( import ) by around 4.8 % , while the share of renewables in primary energy supply has practically not changed . In the scenario with 50 % electric vehicles in the transport sector by 2036 we see a significant reduction of TPES from oil products by 24.8 % and of natural gas by 1.9 % , as well as around 3.4 % increase of renewable energy sources . The indicators for the combined scenario are close to the aggregated data from these two scenarios , amounting to a 6.5 % reduction of use of natural gas for the entire planning horizon and a 25.8 % reduction of oil products , with an increase of renewable sources