type , the application of Formula ( 1 ) is valid . TABLE and TABLE A.2.4 show alternative suggestions for nuclear plants . The most feasible one should be chosen for the main analysis , whereas the second one can be used for sensitivity analysis . However , economies of volume could compensate economies of scale if a sufficiently large number of identical SMR designs are built and replicated in factory assembly workshops . Lower overall investment costs and shorter construction times for SMRs could also facilitate the financing of such reactors compared to large nuclear plants at lower costs of capital ) . Furthermore , they can be more discretely sized accorded to the capacity needed owing to the modular nature of the design . So , other sensitivity scenarios can be performed for higher n in formula ( 1 ) which will analyze the sensitivity of results compared to the future costs of SMRs . In all cases Decommissioning costs for nuclear plants are higher than those for other generation types , in part because of the additional cost of removing all remaining radioactive materials . Plant-specific decommissioning costs were used when provided , and a default assumption of 15 % of the overnight cost was used for all other plants . Prototypes of generation IV reactors , that could include very-high-temperature reactors ( VHTR ) for electricity and process heat applications , and liquid metal-cooled reactors such as sodium-cooled fast reactors ( SFR ) and lead-cooled fast reactors ( LFR ) , were not considered . In terms of generation costs , generation IV technologies aim to be at least as competitive as generation III technologies ( and will build on the enhanced safety levels of those technologies ) , though the additional complexity of these designs , the need to develop a specific supply chain for these reactors and the development of the associated fuel cycles will make this a challenging task . However , generation IV also provide additional benefits in terms of fuel utilization and waste management ( especially for fast neutron reactors ) or in terms of high thermal efficiency ( > 40 % ) , and potential for high temperature process heat application for HTRs and this could represent an economic advantage over alternative technologies . # 4 . SOLAR POWER PLANTS Solar PV plants are divided into three categories : Residential rooftop ( less than 20 kWe ) , Commercial rooftop ( from 20 kWe to 1 MWe ) , and large ( greater than 1 MW ) ground-mounted central plants . In addition we consider solar thermal technologies , which are able to produce significant amounts of power ( installation sizes tend to range from the tens to hundreds of megawatts ) and can be used with thermal storage solutions such as molten salts to extend their electric power production into peak evening hours . Conversely , solar thermal power plants use more materials , in particular steel , than