shown in Table 4.2 below , in case with a 50 % higher GDP growth rate , the overall increase in TPES is 6.3 % , which is largely due to the additional use of imported natural gas as compared to BASE-R by around 138 PJ ( roughly 4.0 billion m3 ) , followed by oil products at around 52 PJ , and by RES reaching 7 PJ over the entire planning period . Again , as with total system costs , this increase in TPES is significantly lower than the overall increase in GDP , indicating a reduced energy intensity of economic activity . In case of a 50 % lower rate of GDP growth , reduced demand results in less use of imported natural gas by 83 PJ ( around 2.4 billion m3 ) , of oil products by 29 PJ and of RES by nearly 3 PJ as compared to the BASE-R scenario , again with TPES declining in percentage terms by less than the overall decrease in GDP . Figure 4.2 below illustrates the changes in composition of TPES as compared to the BASE-R scenario for each of the GDP growth scenarios . As shown in Table 4.3 below , the higher GDP growth rate results in an increase of FEC by 7.5 % , slightly higher than in the growth of TPES . Referring to the more detailed outputs of the TIMES Armenia model , the data show that the higher income growth in fact creates possibilities to use more efficient and more expensive technologies on the demand side . This is also seen from Table 4.4 , where the amount of money spent to purchase demand devices increases by almost 19 % in comparison with BASE-R scenario . It is useful to note that the significant growth of FEC is driven by increased use of gas and oil products to meet increased demand in the Transport and Residential sectors . The reverse situation is shown in the lower GDP growth rate scenario , in which lower income growth results in a decrease both of FEC by 4.3 % and purchases of demand devices by around 11 % . Table 4.5 presents the TIMES Armenia model results for electricity generation capacity by plant and plant type over the planning horizon for each of the GDP growth scenarios , as well as for the BASE-R scenario . The key notable point , which is the same in both GDP growth scenarios , is that the overall level of all power plant capacity additions remains the same , with some small variations in the timing of additions to the system . Figures 4.3 and 4.4 below provide another representation of the TIMES Armenia model results above for new electricity generation capacity added over the planning horizon , which again reiterates the key point that there are no differences in total new power plant capacities by type needed to cover electricity demand between the two GDP growth scenarios