that it is accompanied by significant lowering of the energy intensity of a unit of GDP , e.g. , by 16 % as measured by TPES . In fact , the high-growth case of BASE-R projects an even lower level of TPES per unit of GDP than the scenario which explicitly pursues reduced FEC through expanded energy efficiency ( 7.0 MJ/ $ as compared to 7.5 MJ/ $ ) . This enhanced efficiency is clearly seen in the fact that while overall GDP increases in total by 27 % compared to the BASE-R scenario , total system costs increase only by 12 % and TPES by 6.3 % . This is also reflected in the fact that aggregate purchases of demand devices increase by almost 19 % , which presumably embeds higher levels of efficiency over time as incomes rise . Conversely , the lower growth has mirroring adverse impacts on increasing total system costs as a share of GDP and increasing the energy intensity per unit of GDP . A surprising but crucial result of these sensitivity analyses is that the model projects no differences in total new power plant capacities in level or by type required to cover electricity demand over the full range of GDP growth variation , with only slight variations in the implementation schedule for new solar , wind and hydro power depending on the required consumption level in each time period . Thus , there is virtually no impact as well on the investment requirement for new electricity generation capacity as compared to the BASER scenario . The only effect of higher ( lower ) income growth lies in the increased ( decreased ) utilization of existing installed capacity of both VRES and gas-fired thermal power plants , with a concomitant increase ( decrease ) in expenditures on natural gas fuel . Given this key result , no further detailed sensitivity analyses of the impacts of higher and lower growth rates was reported for any of the other scenarios . # 5.2 NUCLEAR SCENARIOS Activities to extend the operational lifetime of the ANPP up to 2027 are already in place and the plant was included in the BASE-R Scenario to be decommissioned from that time . Although the available nuclear technologies included in the TIMES-Armenia model were not selected on the basis of least cost in the BASE-R Scenario , the GOAM remains committed to a policy to maintain some nuclear power in the country ’ s energy mix . To analyze the cost and other implications of these choices , four alternative scenarios for continued inclusion of nuclear generation in the Armenian power system were examined as :  Operating life extension of the ANPP for an additional 5 years after 2027 - up to 2032 , with an additional $ 300 million of to ensure safety and reliability ;  Operating life extension of the ANPP for an additional 10 years after 2027 - up to 2037 , with an additional $