change and vulnerability to natural disasters such as earthquakes , UNDP will strengthen its procedures for risk recognition , mitigation and diversification . This will include applying a crosspractice/portfolio approach to programming and resource mobilization through partnerships , joint projects and dialogues with international and national stakeholders and United Nations agencies . Early warning and risk management will be enhanced through a risk dashboard and a grievance-reporting mechanism . 32 . In line with global priorities , UNDP will enhance its focus on thought leadership , strengthening capabilities related to data and research , digital solutions , policy analysis and innovative financial tools . UNDP will tap the potential of volunteering , local and diasporabased expert networks , the private sector and inter-office exchanges as sources of skills and expertise . 33 . This country programme document outlines the UNDP contributions to national results and serves as the primary unit of accountability to the Executive Board for results alignment and resources assigned to the programme at country level . Accountabilities of managers at the country , regional and headquarter levels with respect to country programmes is prescribed in the organization ’ s programme and operations policies and procedures and internal control framework . 34 . The programme will be nationally executed . If necessary , national execution may be replaced by direct execution for part or all of the programme to enable response to force majeure . The harmonized approach to cash transfers will be used in a coordinated fashion with other United Nations agencies to manage financial risks . Cost definitions and classifications for programme and development effectiveness will be charged to the concerned projects . # IV . Monitoring and evaluation 35 . Monitoring and evaluation of the country programme are aligned with monitoring , reporting and evaluation of the UNSDCF . UNDP will contribute to annual reviews of the UNSDCF and the joint evaluation of outcomes to validate progress in relation to envisaged short-term and long-term results . 36 . Drawing lessons from the independent country programme evaluation and country office evaluations , UNDP has strengthened its learning and adaptive management policies , thus becoming a more agile and effective partner of choice . In addition to the results and resources framework and project result frameworks to monitor outputs and outcomes , the UNDP social and environmental standards and accountability mechanism will be used to identify , monitor and mitigate risks . Annual reviews will assess and validate progress towards results with special attention to multidimensional challenges . 37 . UNDP , in collaboration with other United Nations agencies , will continue to support the Statistical Committee of Armenia ( ArmStat ) and other counterparts to upgrade government statistical capacities , support the development of evidence-based policies and strategies and strengthen analysis for tracking progress towards the Sustainable Development Goals and transformative changes on the ground , with particular emphasis on gender-disaggregated statistics . 38 . In line with the recommendations of the independent country programme evaluation