other types of solar power , and so are relatively more capital-intensive and will often also have higher operation and maintenance ( O & M ) costs . For Armenia , we have selected two options from the US , one with 6-hour storage , which reaches annual Capacity Factor ( CF ) =34 % and another with 12 hour storage reaching CF=50 , as opposed to PVs whose CF range between 15 % -20 % in US ) . However , for Armenia country-specific CFs are used for all Solar plants . # 5 . OTHER POWER PLANTS Other power plants include hydro , geothermal and onshore wind plants . Country specific CFs should be used in all cases . Hydroelectric and geothermal plants are very site-specific , so it is advisable to use country-specific costs and CFs . Decommissioning costs are assumed to be 5 % of overnight costs . See Section 7 below for additional details . The lower costs for the dams are caused by the fact that these represent non-power dams , where cost includes adding the power house and raceways , transformer bay , etc. , but the cost of the dam ( primarily for irrigation and flood control ) is not included . If dams are to be considered for Armenia , the local country specific costs should be used . # 6 . ELECTRICITY STORAGE TECHNOLOGIES Energy storage technologies absorb energy and store it for a period of time before releasing it to supply energy or power services . Through this process , storage technologies can bridge temporal and geographical gaps between energy supply and demand . Some technologies such as pumped storage hydropower are mature ; however , improvements can be made with respect to the ratio of electric capacity to storage volume ; flexibility in pumping mode with variable-speed pumps , and sea water pumped storage hydropower , to better help integrate variable renewables . Most other technologies are still at early stages of development and will require further RD & D before their potential can be fully realized . Emerging electricity storage technologies include compressed air energy storage ( CAES ) , adiabatic CAES , a range of batteries , flywheels and hydrogen storage . Investment in energy storage RD & D has led to significant cost reductions . In addition , costs for large-scale batteries have shown impressive reductions , thanks in part to ambitious electric vehicle deployment programs and greater demand for frequency regulation . The cost of a lithium-ion battery for grid-scale storage has shown the largest decline , falling by more than three-quarters between 2008 and 2013 . However , additional efforts , including targeted R & D investments and demonstration projects , are needed to further decrease energy storage costs and accelerate development . The setup for TIMES-Armenia is based on lithium-ion battery from report from National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ) . # 7 . DESCRIPTION OF ARMENIA-SPECIFIC OPTIONS # 7.1.1 RENEWABLES