management technical requirements for newlybuilt residential apartment buildings and state-funded construction or re-construction . The potential for energy efficiency in all sectors has been assessed repeatedly and remains high , despite the relatively low energy intensity of the economy . Although the GOAM has adopted laws and policies to promote efficiency through various programs as noted , the potential for efficiency improvement remains largely untapped . As energy prices rise , the urgency of accelerating uptake of energy efficiency throughout Armenia ’ s economy has increased . Nevertheless , up to 2016 obligatory measures to increase energy efficiency and/or to reduce energy consumption levels had not been implemented , so that it was possible to model for the base year only the “ Autonomous efficiency improvement ” ( AEI ) factors , which have been introduced as follows :  for Transport – 0.75 % /year , ;  for Agriculture and Commercial – 0.0 % , ;  for Industry – 0.1 % , and ;  for Residential – 0.01 % . ; These factors show the percentage of efficiency improvement due to replacement of old equipment and devices by new ones of the same type , taking into consideration some reduction of efficiency of old equipment because of depreciation . The AEI factor is in force for the whole planning period . # 2 . THE INTEGRATED MARKAL - EFOM SYSTEM ( TIMES ) MODEL PLATFORM AND METHODOLOGY # 2.1 THE GENERIC TIMES MODEL PLATFORM The TIMES model platform , a set of tools developed and maintained under the auspices of the IEA - ETSAP , is an economic model generator for local , national , multi-regional , or global energy systems , which provides a technology-rich basis for representing energy dynamics over a multi-period time horizon . The model is usually applied to the analysis of the entire energy sector , but it may also be applied to study single sectors , such as electricity and district heating . The TIMES platform provides an integrated energy systems ’ modelling framework that is designed to guide policy formulation over a wide range of energy , economic and environmental planning and policy issues and to help establish investment priorities within a comprehensive framework . Key aspects of TIMES platform include that it : i ) encompasses an entire energy system from resource extraction through to end-use demands , as represented by a Reference Energy System network that connects all technologies to track to flow of commodities throughout the energy system , see Figure 2.1 ; ii ) employs least-cost optimization to identify the most cost-effective pattern of resource use and technology deployment over time ; iii ) provides a framework for evaluation of medium- to long-term policies and programs that can impact the evolution of the energy system ; and iv ) quantifies the costs and technology choices that result from imposition of the policies and program . Utilizing the TIMES model can be a productive tool for