part by the fact of maximum solar generation during summer time ( especially in June ) , when large amounts of hydro generation are also available , although the model limits generation by these Small HPPs at these times as higher cost . In the winter , when power system peak is in the evening and solar is not producing , the compensating generation can not be from Small HPPs but is rather met by operation at full capacities of the RENCO and Yerevan CCGT plants . Given system operational constraints of having such large amounts of VRES on the system from solar PV , this could imply the need for implementation of storage technologies , although these are available and are not among the selected least-cost solutions . Another possible approach to overcome potential system stability problems would be to limit annual construction of gridconnected solar PV plants . In fact , we explore this in the next case , which describes our proposed Baseline - Reference Scenario . Summarizing the Initial Unconstrained Baseline ( IU BASE ) Scenario , Figures 3.4 and 3.5 show the pattern of new generation added to the system by type and the associated total lumpsum projected investment expenditures over the planning period , which amounts to roughly US $ 3.17 billion to add around 4,409 MW of capacity . After decommissioning of the ANPP in 2027 , the model indicates the power system should build around 1,091 MW of new power capacities to cover the gap of electricity production , which is added from wind farms as the lowest cost technology at that time with average annual capacity factor ( 0.31 ) suitable to cover about 340 W of the lost base load capacity and match system load needs . During the last three planning periods a further 1,283 MW of generation capacity is added to cover the growth of demand , which the model adds through the addition of Solar PV as the least cost alternative . # 3.7 BASELINE-REFERENCE SCENARIO ( BASE-R ) WITH LIMITATION OF VRES Results of the Initial Unconstrained Baseline ( IU BASE ) Scenario clearly highlighted the cost-based preference for significant implementation of grid-connected wind and solar PV generation . At the same time , such a substantial expansion also raises questions of the required further analysis of system technical issues associated with adding very large amounts of VRES , e.g. , system stability and dispatching issues , as well as of ensuring realistic time frames for development of those resources and the availability of domestic capacity to do so at such large scale . While these issues suggest that it could be reasonable to look at more limited expansion of VRES , there are also significant benefits for domestic energy security that would arise from displacing imported gas or nuclear fuels with VRES and which in turn would suggest that renewable generation expansion should be promoted as much as practically possible . To reflect these aspects