by around 3.3 % . Table 4.27 below shows that forcing higher levels of electricity use in residential heating and for transport results in reductions of FEC by 3.3 % and 4.3 % respectively compared to the BASE-R scenario . In the residential heating scenario , these changes primarily arise due to the more aggressive replacement of energy used by “ Standard ” demand technologies ( 490 PJ ) by the more efficient “ Advanced ” ( 35 PJ ) , “ Better ” ( 68 PJ ) and “ Improved ” ( 169 PJ ) technologies . In the electric vehicle scenario , this reduction arises both from introducing electric transport technologies ( 27 PJ ) and by replacing existing oil product-using technologies ( 58 PJ ) by more advanced gas-using technologies ( 69 PJ ) . Finally , in the combined scenario there is an increase of electricity consumption by around 33 PJ in both the residential and transport sectors and a decrease of gas ( 152 PJ ) , oil products ( 58 PJ ) and renewables ( 0.2 PJ ) . As shown in Table 4.28 above , the TIMES Armenia model results for each of the scenarios to replace gas with electricity in the residential heating and transport sectors indicate that there is no need for additional new power generation capacity as compared to the BASE-R scenario . Figures 4.20 and 4.21 below further show that there are no differences between scenarios in total new power plant capacities by type needed to cover electricity demand and only that the implementation schedule is slightly different depending on the required consumption level in each time period . Figure 4.22 shows the aggregate projected generation levels by plant type over the planning horizon , which are very similar and indicate a roughly 10 % higher level of total electricity generation in the scenario with electrified transport and the combined scenario , as compared to BASE-R . In particular , given that the structure of generation capacity remains the same , this is reflected in the increased use of the available gas-fired generation as more electricity is consumed after 2027 . Here we see ( in the “ Gas-fired ” line ) that after 2027 there is increased use of the available CCGT generation as more electricity is consumed , which implies an increase in gas fuel for that which is offset by the decline in direct gas consumption for heat and transport . Table 4.29 summarizes the comparative fuel cost savings for electricity generation in each of the scenarios involving replacement of gas to electricity , as compared to the BASE-R scenario . These significant savings in imported fuel as shown in Figure 4.19 , which amounted to $ 240 million for replacement of gas in residential heating , a reduction of $ 95 million for the electrification of transport scenario , and around $ 320 million of reduced fuel expenditures in the combined scenario . While as