of these GHG reduction scenarios the model does not elect to run existing gas plants at all after 2030 . Table 4.37 summarizes the comparative fuel cost savings in each of the GHG scenarios as compared to BASER . While the replacement of thermal generation by nuclear and renewables does yield significant savings in imported fuel , it is useful to note how these figures compare to the increased investment costs . Table 4.38 below presents the lumpsum ( undiscounted ) investment costs for additional generation capacity by plant type over the planning horizon , while Table 4.39 summarizes the differences in investment levels required , for each of the GHG reduction scenarios , as compared to the BASE-R scenario . In the Cumulative GHG 127 Mt scenario , power sector investment increases by more than $ 3.472 billion , while achieving the 2036 GHG target by 2030 requires a further investment of $ 1.657 billion in comparison with NDC target scenario . Comparing these levels to the New Nuclear 600 MW scenariogeneration investment costs in the GHG 127Mt scenario increase by almost $ 1,960 million , which is associated with construction of the Loriberd and Shnokh HPPs . In the more ambitious GHG target scenario costs are more than $ 2.0 billion higher compared to New Nuclear 600 MW . Finally , it is important to note that these increased levels of required investment are many times larger than the saving from reduced gas imports . Finally , the model results confirm that replacing gas-fired generation by nuclear power will tend to reduce greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions in the system as compared to the BASE-R scenario , by a range from 7.3 % to 12.7 % as shown in Table 4.40 . # 4.6 FORCED IMPLEMENTATION OF ENERGY EFFICIENCY TARGETS # 4.6.1 SCENARIO DESCRIPTION As noted earlier in Chapter 1 , the Government of Armenia ’ s policy is to promote energy efficiency in all economic sectors according to definitions formulated in the Law on Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy ( 2004 ; amended in 2016 ) , and as articulated in a number of subsequent Government-approved Programs and Action Plans over the last 15 years . An approved National Energy Efficiency Action Plan ( 2017 ) is currently in place and the second stage is approved by the Government and in force . Nevertheless , as no specific long-term energy efficiency targets have been articulated we proposed to consider scenarios for forced reduction of FEC at the levels of 25 % and 50 % over the planning horizon to 2036 . When examining these proposed scenarios within the TIMES Armenia model , it was found that implementation of a 50 % energy efficiency target was not feasible . In order to find the highest possible feasible level of energy efficiency targets , further sensitivity runs for 40 % and 30 % reductions were performed and these cases were not also found to be feasible . Thus