economy and energy sector were available was 2016 , so this year was selected as the base year . For all projections , dollar costs and expenditures are reported in terms of 2016 dollars . The remaining sections of this Chapter summarize a description of the Armenian energy system in the modelling base year of 2016 . Chapter 2 presents a brief summary of the platform and methodology for the generic TIMES model , which is an economic model generator for local , national , multi-regional , or global energy systems , developed and maintained under the auspices of the International Energy Agency ’ s Energy Technology Systems Analysis Program ( IEA - ETSAP ) . This model provides a technology-rich basis for representing energy dynamics over a multi-period time horizon . Chapter 3 provides details on the specific application of the TIMES-Armenia model , confirming the calibration of the model to the year first modelled year ( 2018 ) , confirming results to match available data , and presents the process of developing the initial Baseline ( or Reference ) scenario for the period planning period 2020 – 2036 . With the Baseline-Reference scenario fully detailed , Chapter 4 outlines a set of selected alternative possible scenarios that were identified by key stakeholders as of interest , to reflect different potential pathways for the evolution of the Armenian energy system , including policy choices as well as sensitivity analyses to determine the possible impacts of variations in such factors as demand growth or energy processes . This set of scenarios is intended to be illustrative and not exhaustive and to provide useful inputs to policy and strategy development for the energy sector in Armenia over the period to 2036 . Once the results of the various scenarios have been described and the differences in outcomes explored , Chapter 5 presents a set of summary conclusions and recommendations based on those results . Detailed information on various aspects of the model and data used is presented in the Appendices . # 1.2 ARMENIAN ELECTRICITY GENERATION , TRANSMISSION AND CONSUMPTION IN 2016 As summarized in Table 1.1 , the total installed electricity generation capacity of the power system of Armenia in 2016 was approximately 3,267 MW , of which 2,710 MW was available , due to the conditions of aging of some plant and equipment , as well as of climate circumstances of the nuclear and thermal power plants locations . The main reasons for lower availability of nuclear and thermal power plants against installed capacities relate to the relatively low atmospheric density resulting by the altitude above sea level and dry and hot summers in Armenia , which have an influence on efficiency of these type of power plants . The installed capacity of thermal power plants ( TPPs ) was 1,532 MW and total available TPP capacity was 1,030 MW . # TOTAL INSTALLED AND AVAILABLE CAPACITY in 2016 in MW : Armenian Nuclear Power Plant,440 and 385 ;