innovative solutions through the implementation of impact acceleration programmes ; and provide platforms for developing and piloting innovative financing tools such as ‘ pay for success ’ mechanisms or impact bonds . 27 . National and local ownership , diverse partnerships and deployment of local capacities will be priorities . UNDP will expand its collaboration with all branches of the Government , including through exploring government co-funding modalities , and seeking to enlarge its network of civil society and development organizations , media , innovation centres , think tanks , universities , the private sector , diaspora organizations and others . 28 . UNDP will strive to strengthen partnerships with multiple bilateral donors , international organizations and other emerging partners . UNDP will partner with IFIs , with a focus on scaling up key development accelerators related to regional and urban development , social protection and data . Other key priorities are scaled-up partnerships with the private sector and diaspora organizations to catalyse development financing and the design of new solutions that will help Armenia leapfrog , development wise . The Adaptation Fund , the Global Environment Facility , the Green Climate Fund and other vertical multilateral funds will remain critical partners , with a vision to scale up existing and introduce new programming areas in line with government priorities . In line with the reform agenda of the United Nations , UNDP will expand its portfolio of inter-agency partnerships , especially around the issue-based coalitions on social protection , food security and environmental sustainability , with a focus on supporting cohesive and integrated United Nations action , under the leadership of the Resident Coordinator . UNDP will champion South-South and triangular exchange , facilitating sharing of knowledge and experience on such topics as disaster risk reduction , innovation and private sector development . # III . Programme and risk management 29 . The UNSDCF and this country programme were developed through an inclusive virtual consultation process with public , private and civil society stakeholders . National priorities were jointly determined within the United Nations country team , building on the Common Country Analysis , national strategies , the COVID-19 socioeconomic impact assessment and feedback received through online surveys . The findings of the independent country programme evaluation served as a basis for both programme orientation and anticipating and mitigating programmatic risks.30 . UNDP will focus on portfolio/cross-sectoral programming and overcoming siloes , through a new generation of policy and programmatic initiatives being designed at the intersection of the four outcomes . Systems thinking will underpin this work , ensuring holistic approaches to complex problems . Projects will be clustered and interlinked across portfolios for dense knowledge flows and spillovers and for risk diversification . To ensure sustainability and maximum impact , programmes will be designed with scaling-up and national ownership in mind . 31 . To ensure agility and an effective response to underlying programmatic risks in Armenia , including the complex regional context , socioeconomic disparities , climate