, including through small grants , for promotion of community engagement in co-management and monitoring to increase local ownership , improve livelihoods and reduce poverty ; and ( c ) mainstreaming ecosystem-based approaches into sectoral policymaking , community development and landscape restoration . UNDP will advocate for a new social contract , turning people , particularly women and youth , and businesses into actively contributing development partners . This will require all-of-society engagement , environmental education , behavioural changes , new types of economic and fiscal instruments and public-private partnerships , including tapping the potential of the country ’ s tech sector . UNDP will address energy poverty and insecurity by investing in energy infrastructure , unlocking retrofit markets for energy-efficient and renewable sources and facilitate access to international climate financing mechanisms for mitigation and adaptation , including through climate budgeting frameworks . 21 . In light of the compound crisis , a green and resilient recovery will be boosted by promoting sustainable city concepts through low-emission and circular-economy models ; helping to design and translate nationally determined contributions ; and including climate adaptation into sectoral strategies and action plans in line with the Paris Agreement . Stimulus packages will be developed to protect and promote nature-based/green jobs and livelihood opportunities in communities , specifically for the rural poor and other vulnerable groups such as war veterans , the newly disabled and the widowed and their families . National capacities for resilience-building will be strengthened and gender-responsive public and private investments in disaster risk management will be stimulated . UNDP will pay particular attention to the environment-health nexus by mainstreaming a ‘ one-health approach ’ into cross-sectoral policies , financing and actions . This encompasses reducing risks to human health through sound management of waste , chemicals , air and water pollution and green transformation of urban mobility and industry . 22 . The pathway to democratic governance and gender equality includes efforts that will help strengthen trust in governance systems and service delivery capacity in Armenia . The focus will be on building democratic , effective and accountable institutions capable of upholding human rights and the rule of law ; preventing discriminatory practices and violence ; and strengthening the public administration system to ensure effective and humancentred service delivery for all . UNDP will work to improve the transparency and accountability of decision-making and service delivery ; strengthen access to justice and combat corruption ; address inequalities and protect human rights ; reinforce the legislative and electoral systems ; improve service orientation and promote excellence in the public sector , including the customs service and the police ; and support the development of a new generation of smart public services for improved fairness and accountability at national and local levels . 23 . UNDP will promote participatory decision-making ; strengthen the notion of the citizen as the ‘ client ’ of public institutions ; support access to education , learning and self-realization ; support ambitious future-proof strategies which build