. 4 . The negotiated , comprehensive and sustainable settlement of all remaining core substantive issues of the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict , in line with the basic principles and elements within the framework of the internationally agreed format of the Co-Chairs of the Minsk Group of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , continues to shape the humanitarian-development-peace nexus for the region , including Armenia . 5 . Armenia has undergone a profound transformation since independence , including after the peaceful transition of power in 2018 which triggered renewed commitments to a humancentred governance system , investments in human capital and the realization of the human rights agenda . These commitments will be operationalized through the 2019-2023 Programme of the Government , sectoral strategies and the Armenia Transformation Strategy 2050 , with support from the re-established Intergovernmental Sustainable Development Goals Council , headed by the Deputy Prime Minister with the mandate to lead and monitor the country ’ s processes for nationalization and implementation of the Goals . 6 . UNDP plays a key role in ensuring a coherent United Nations strategy for collective impact , under the overall leadership and coordination of the Resident Coordinator . As part of its integrator function , UNDP works with a wide range of public , private and civil stakeholders to facilitate recovery along the humanitarian-development-peace nexus and more inclusive development solutions , at upstream policy level , advising on legal and policy frameworks , and at downstream level , turning projects into policies and policies into actions . 7 . The development challenges facing Armenia are complex and require ‘ out of the box ’ solutions . The UNDP national innovation platforms and the UNDP global networks ( including the Global Policy Network and the accelerator labs ) serve as important venues to leverage innovations , know-how and international expertise to achieve development breakthroughs . 8 . During the preceding programme cycle , the UNDP activities and results in Armenia were highly relevant to the Government ’ s agenda as evidenced by the 2019 independent country programme evaluation and stakeholder consultations . In particular , UNDP was recognized as a valued partner in local economic development and community mobilization ; natural resource management ; enhancement of legal , policy and institutional frameworks in the environmental sector ; disaster risk reduction ; organization of transparent parliamentary elections ; management of infrastructure investments and technical capacities of customs and other agencies ; coordination of issue-based coalitions ; women and youth empowerment ; and citizen engagement . 9 . UNDP underwent a sense-making review in 2020 to identify coherent cross-portfolio areas for action . Examples include the nexus of education , technology , inclusion and jobs , particularly for women in science , technology , engineering and mathematics ; innovative approaches to public service delivery ; and participatory democracy , active citizenship , youth empowerment and citizen engagement . 10 . The country programme will support all three pillars of the United Nations Sustainable