accounted for 140 ktoe of Service sector energy consumption , representing 42.8 % of sector total and 6.7 % of the total FEC of Armenia . Figure A.1.3 shows the structure of Service sector base year consumption . For the Service sector , the same approach was used as described above for the Household sector in regard to allocation of the total demand between cooling , cooking , heating , lighting , miscellaneous , public lighting , refrigeration , and water heating . The TIMES-Armenia model splits the Industrial sector into the sub-sectors listed in the table below . Iron and steel ; Food beverages and tobacco ; Chemical and petrochemical ; Paper , pulp and printing ; Non-ferrous metals ; Wood and wood products ; Non-metallic minerals ; Textiles and leather ; Transport equipment ; Construction ; Machinery ; Non-specified ( Other Industry ) ; Mining and quarrying ; In 2016 , Industrial sector FEC was 320.1 ktoe , a 15.3 % share of Armenian FEC . Figure A.1.4 shows the base year consumption by fuel types and by each sub-sector of industry . The chart illustrates the leading positions of mining and quarrying , also food , beverages and tobacco sub-sectors in industry consumption , representing 27 % and 26.9 % respectively , whereas wood and wood products , also textiles and leather were recorded as smallest industrial consumption types of fuel , representing 0.3 % and 0.4 % respectively . As shown in the chart , natural gas and electricity hold the dominance in industry consumption , representing correspondingly 49.4 % and 43.8 % of the total consumption of the sector and 7.5 % and 6.7 % of Armenian total final energy consumption , whereas white spirit & SBP and liquefied petroleum gases came out to be the least consumed type of energy , representing 0.3 % and 0.4 % respectively . The structure of fuel and electricity consumption in the Transport sector of Armenia differs radically from that of similar the countries in the region and those of Commonwealth of Independent States as a whole . These specific characteristics are largely based on the following factors :  Long-term transportation blockade of the country by Turkey and Azerbaijan limiting trading opportunities ( export/import ) ;  High prices for imported oil products ;  Existing transport infrastructure ( fully electrified railway transport , ground and underground urban electric transport , developed road network , etc. ) . ; Thus , the availability and relative low cost of natural gas compared to liquid motor fuels led to a massive shift of the road transport to the use of natural gas . By the early 2000 ’ s , up to 90 % of the light vehicles and most of urban public transport are equipped with dual fuel systems using natural gas with gasoline as a backup fuel . As a result , an extensive network of gas charging stations has been established , covering almost the entire