ENERGY Demand projections in the TIMES model are developed for useful energy services ; e.g. , lighting , cooling , heating , food preparation , transportation of people and goods , etc.10 The fundamental TIMES model requirement is to meet projected levels of useful energy demand in all sectors and sub-sectors , choosing those fuels and technologies that do so at minimum costs for the total system . Useful energy demand is related to GDP or demographic parameters via elasticities . These elasticities represent how much useful energy growth depends on the growth in GDP , or in GDP per capita . Elasticities vary for different sectors and end-use applications and they have been analyzed from historical data available in the Yearbooks of the Statistical Committee of the Republic of Armenia and estimated using expert judgment . As the economy grows , the overall demand for energy will increase . Based on analyses of available retrospective statistical data and assumptions of the working team , end-use energy forecasts by sector were prepared . The structure of projected useful energy demand and its growth for 2018 – 2036 is shown in Table 3.2 and illustrated in Figure 3.2 . The Residential sector accounts for the biggest share of useful energy demand in overall energy up to 2036 , following by the Commercial sector , which in the last planning years is slightly less than the share of Residential ( around 40 % each ) . Agriculture accounts for less than 1 % of useful energy demand , with Industry accounting for the remainder . It should be noted that all economic sectors increase in terms of their value of energy demand , with average annual growth rates ranging from 0.2 % to 4.4 % . The main demand drivers of demand growth for the Agriculture , Commercial , Industry and Freight transport sectors are GDP and sector elasticity to GDP growth . For the Residential and Passenger transportation sectors , the main drivers are GDP per capita and sector elasticity to GDP per capita growth . In addition , sector specific demand drivers were also applied , e.g. , degree-days ( for heating and cooling ) in the Commercial sector , and Population and Changes in the number of new and existing houses for the Residential sector . The values of various elasticities have been established based on the general tends and expert opinion in working team decisions . In addition , the main sector-specific assumptions influencing projected growth of useful energy demand can be summarized as :  Agriculture : The small growth rate is expected due to low possibilities to expand agriculture . For this sector , the elasticity was taken as 0.2 for all demand types and for the entire planning period , as the result of low demand growth for electricity used for water pumping and tractors ;  Commercial : It is assumed that development of the Commercial ( Service ) sector will be based on