restoration , resulting in a zero net cost of decommissioning . The Projected Costs of Generating Electricity 2015 doesn ’ t identify any emerging technology for gas-fired generating technologies , this is why no additional options are considered . # 3 . NUCLEAR GENERATING TECHNOLOGIES There are many different designs of nuclear plants available around the world and a dedicated feasibility study would be required to analyze the application of different options for Armenia . The comparison of different nuclear plant designs is outside of the scope and capacities of TIMES-Armenia project , however to analyze the competitiveness of nuclear options against other power plant options in meeting Armenia ’ s future electricity demands it is important to establish consistent characteristics for the different plant options . Given the relatively near-term need of Armenia , focus is made on most advanced and mature technology currently available , which is advanced light water reactor ( ALWR ) . ALWRs can either be pressurized water ( PWR ) or boiling water ( BWR ) . Russian VVER , considered as an option for Armenia , is also ALWR type . For Armenia , the size of nuclear plant is important . Because of this , the economy of scale of nuclear plants was applied to calculate the costs of smaller versions of ALWR , establishing consistent data for competitive analysis of nuclear plants of different size , as discussion below . The Projected Costs of Generating Electricity 2015 provides detailed information for 11 nuclear power plants , of which 9 are in OECD member countries and the remaining two are in China . This includes a generic light water reactor ( LWR ) , ten advanced light water reactors and generic generation III reactors . For new designs , net plant capacities range from around 1,000 to 3,300 MW ( for a multiple-unit plant in the United Kingdom ) . All the reactors in this report are based on light water technologies , indicating that the industry trend towards this technology continues . TABLE lists the nuclear plants in Projected Costs of Generating Electricity 2015 . As seen from TABLE there is there is a large difference in nuclear costs between Europe , US and Asia . Because of this fact , it is important to consider the origin of the possible power plants for Armenia . The Russian VVER version , for example , is the one deployed in Hungary , with a cost of 6,215 USD2013/kW . Another study for South Africa shows an estimated overnight capital cost of $ 50-billion ( including owners development costs but excluding interest during construction ) for a 9.6 GW nuclear fleet with a net output of 6 x 1,082 MW using Rosatom VVER 1200 reactors , an overnight cost of USD5,776 per kW net output is calculated . However cost for a single unit will be higher by 10 to 20 % , which will result in the number around 6,600 USD/kW .