respectively , here with a slight shift over the planning period from electricity to gas . The main sources of final energy consumption in the Residential sector are natural gas , electricity , and biofuels , accounting for around 63 % , 19 % and 18 % , respectively , with very slight shifts over the planning period away from gas and biofuels and toward electricity . Finally , in the Transport sector , FEC is almost entirely split between natural gas and oil products , the former accounting for 59 % and the latter 40 % , respectively , with a slight decrease in the share of natural gas over the planning period given a small increase in electricity use in the sector . required to ensure safe and uninterrupted operation of all the technologies and installations not only in the supply , transmission and distribution systems , but also for all consumer ( demand ) needs . As can be seen in Figure 3.3 , the largest share of total system cost for entire planning period is allocated for investments ( 45 % ) , while the next largest portion ( 28 % ) is for fuel . Fixed costs and variable costs ( excluding fuel ) account for 14 % and 13 % of overall costs respectively . Finally , the least-cost configuration of the power sector as determined by the TIMES-Armenia model is presented in Table 3.9 , showing the Initial Unconstrained Baseline Scenario for total installed capacity in each period , in MW . In addition to existing generation units , this scenario includes the introduction of the RENCO gas-fired CCGT and the Masrik-1 solar PV power plants according to their scheduled Commercial Operation Dates , and also forces the decommissioning of the ANPP and Hrazdan TPP at the end of their current operational lifetimes , 2027 and 2021 , respectively . In this Least-Cost Baseline , with no other limitations on choice of technology , by the end of planning period the model results show an added capacity of 2,931 MW of grid-connected Solar PV , 1,091 MW of Wind Farms and 107 MW of added Small HPPs . The quantity of electricity generation by each technology or plant ( in GWh ) over the planning period is presented in Table 3.10 . These results show clearly that , taken from a cost perspective only and leaving aside any other possible technical constraints , extensive implementation of grid-connected solar PVs along with wind farms ( Variable Renewable Energy Sources – VRES ) are economically the most attractive sources of new electricity generation over the period to 2036 . As a practical matter , planning for and realizing such extensive growth of VRES could clearly create operational challenges for the electricity system . As large amounts of new grid connected VRESs are introduced , the model shows a decline in production of Small HPPs , which are almost exclusively run-ofriver . This is driven in