in the BASE-R scenario , and confirmed in all other scenarios , expanding use of these domestic energy resources could be accompanied by implementation of policies to stimulate use of electricity in the transport and residential sectors to replace natural gas imports . To explore these opportunities , we examined scenarios designed to increase the penetration level for use of electricity in residential heating to 25 % in 2027 and to 50 % by 2036 , increase the penetration level for use of electric vehicles to 25 % in 2027 and to 50 % by 2036 and both of these scenarios taken together . Each of these scenarios proposing increased sectoral electricity penetration separately reduces total system cost ( in combination by 3 % ) , reduces total primary energy supply ( again , in combination by 5 % ) , lowers GHG emissions ( by nearly 8 % , in combination ) and decreases imports of natural gas for electricity generation ( in combination by 7.6 % ) . Most importantly , no change in the overall level and type of new generation is required as compared to the BASE-R scenario in order to achieve these results , with only a negligible increase in lumpsum investment costs for new generation capacity associated with slight variations in the implementation schedule for projected additions of solar and wind power . The reduction in natural gas used for electricity generation shows clearly that a policy to promote increased deployment of electric for heating and electric vehicles will expand utilization of domestic VRES , reduce reliance on imported energy sources and strengthen Armenia ’ s energy security . # 1.1 REPORT OVERVIEW AND DESCRIPTION OF THE ARMENIAN ENERGY SYSTEM IN THE MODELLING BASE YEAR 2016 This Report presents the modelling framework , data , analyses and conclusions of the year-long activity undertaken by the Scientific Research Institute for Energy ( SRIE ) , under sub-contract to Tetra Tech ES Inc. as the lead implementing partner for the USAID Market Liberalization and Energy Trade ( MLET ) Program , to prepare an update of the Armenia Least Cost Energy Development Plan ( LCEDP ) for the years 2020-2036 . In order to adapt the generic TIMES model ( see Chapter 2 ) so as to become the TIMES-Armenia model , it was necessary first to establish a base year ( i.e. , the first modelling year ) for that period for which a complete set of data on production and consumption of all energy carriers used in the country - the energy balance - can be detailed . In addition , for the base year it is necessary to establish the energy production and consumption technologies in all sectors of the economy , and to analyze and subdivide the initial volumes of used energy among all available end-use technologies . When work on the current project was initiated in August 2018 , the most recent year for which all relevant data for the Armenian