; # 3.2 EXISTING ELECTRICITY GENERATION FACILITIES Table 3.3 describes the relevant and economic parameters for existing power plants included in the TIMESArmenia model . For existing power plants , variable and fixed O & M costs are based on 2018 data for the tariff structure as provided by the Public Services Regulatory Commission ( PSRC ) . For model purposes , fuel costs that are included in PSRC tariff calculations have been removed and variable cost recalculated in accordance with modeling requirements . Finally , it should again be noted that TIMES-Armenia model has been calibrated for 2018 using the available baseline year data for 2016 . In the first quarter of 2019 , the PSRC monthly data on electricity generation , electricity and natural gas transmission , export , import and sectoral distribution of consumption for 2018 became available . Using these data , existing power plant characteristics were checked and adjusted to bring the calculation results in line with actual results . These also provide the corrected starting point for calculations over the full forecast period through 2036 . # 3.3 CANDIDATE ELECTRICITY GENERATION FACILITIES In addition to existing generation capacities that are and will be available in the system over the planning horizon to 2036 , Tables 3.4 and 3.5 below describe the candidate technologies that are included in the TIMESArmenia model , including seasonal capacity factor for variable renewable energy sources ( VRES ) . Detailed background on the data sources and assumptions are presented in Appendix 2 . Investment costs in this table reflect the possible changes in costs for any given technology over time , so that a constant value means that no changes in costs are foreseen for the planning horizon . Discount and interest rates are considered in TIMES Armenia model and used during the calculations . # 3.4 KEY PARAMETERS FOR ENERGY EFFICIENCY One of the advantages of the TIMES modelling tool is its ability to simulate and optimize demand-side consumption . For the Initial Unconstrained Baseline ( IU BASE ) Scenario , no one activity is forced and the tool itself chooses the most economically attractive demand technologies to be implemented in the system . The model contains an extensive database with different types of demand technologies , presented as “ Standard ” , “ Improved ” , “ Best ” and “ Advanced ” . The main parameters describing each technology are cost , efficiency and the initial year within the planning horizon when such technology could be available , as well as fuel type used . Depending on the whole system cost calculated for each milestone period , as well as for entire planning horizon , and based on the costs for supplied energy carriers , the TIMES model chooses the least cost demand option applicable for the current state . In the IU BASE scenario , the rate of penetration of Improved/Better/Advanced devices is limited to 17.5 % by the end of the planning horizon .