demands over the relevant planning time horizon . This is done by choosing and applying elasticities of demand to their respective drivers . As noted earlier , the demands are user-provided for the reference scenario only . When the model is run for alternate scenarios ( e.g. , an emission constrained case , or a set of alternate technological assumptions ) , it is likely that the demands will be affected . The TIMES model has the capability of estimating the response of demands to the changing conditions of an alternate scenario . To do this , the model requires an additional set of inputs for the assumed own-price elasticities of the demand . In this case , the TIMES model is then able to adjust the demands endogenously to the alternate cases without exogenous intervention ; that is , the TIMES model is driven not by demands but by demand curves . # 2.2.2 THE SUPPLY COMPONENT OF A TIMES SCENARIO The second constituent of a TIMES model scenario is a set of supply curves for primary energy and material resources . Multi-stepped supply curves are easily modeled in TIMES , each step representing a certain potential of the resource available at a particular cost . In some cases , the potential may be expressed as a cumulative potential over the model horizon ( e.g . reserves of gas , crude oil , etc . ) , as a cumulative potential over the resource base ( e.g . available areas for wind converters differentiated by velocities , available farmland for biocrops , roof areas for PV installations ) and in others as an annual potential ( e.g . maximum extraction rates , or for renewable resources the available wind , biomass , or hydro potentials ) . Note that the supply component also includes the identification of trading possibilities , where the amounts and prices of the traded commodities are determined either endogenously or within user-imposed limits . # 2.2.3 THE POLICY COMPONENT OF A TIMES SCENARIO Insofar as some policies impact the energy system , they become an integral part of scenario definition . For instance , a reference scenario may ignore emissions of various pollutants , while alternate policy scenarios may enforce emission restrictions , or emission taxes , etc . The detailed technological nature of the TIMES model allows for simulation of a wide variety of both micro measures ( e.g . technology portfolios , or targeted subsidies to groups of technologies ) and broader policy targets ( such as a general carbon tax or permit trading system on air contaminants ) . A simpler example might be a nuclear policy that limits or expands the future capacity of nuclear plants . Another example might be the imposition of fuel taxes , or of targeted capital subsidies , etc . # 2.2.4 THE TECHNO-ECONOMIC COMPONENT OF A TIMES SCENARIO The fourth constituent of a TIMES model scenario is the set of technical and economic parameters assumed