investment costs for new generation are reduced . Forcing the build of new nuclear plants increases overall energy system costs compared to BASE-R by from 1.9 – 2.0 % , depending on the size of new reactor , where savings associated with reduced fuel costs are more than offset by the higher costs for the new nuclear units which are built . Figure 4.8 above shows how the development of the various nuclear options from 2027 will replace other energy sources , primarily imported gas and to a lesser extent RES.20 The data in Table 4.10 below indicate that in all the nuclear scenarios there is an overall increase in TPES21 . Because part of the calculation of TPES starts from electricity produced and works backward to fuel used , the fact that NPP efficiency is around 33 % means that the forced production of additional nuclear power electricity generation as compared to BASE-R is replacing the gas used in CCGTs , which have an efficiency of around 56 % . A further factor contributing to the increase in TPES in these scenarios is that some of the extra electricity replaces gas used directly in demand side devices that have efficiencies more than 60 % . As a final initial summary point , the comparisons in Table 4.11 below indicate that there is no significant change in overall final energy consumption for any of the nuclear option scenarios as compared to the BASE-R scenario . Figure 4.9 presents the projected construction of new electricity generation capacity in MW by type over the period 2020 - 2036 for the BASE-R scenario and the four nuclear option scenarios , which are further summarized in terms of differences from BASE-R in Figure 4.10 . After the addition of Yerevan CCGT-2 ( RENCO ) , no gas-fired units are added . In both scenarios with new nuclear generation and in the scenario of ANPP extension to 2037 , construction of the medium-sized HPPs Loriberd and Shnokh is eliminated , while in the scenario of ANPP extension to 2032 they are retained , although their entry to the system is deferred to the last two periods of the planning horizon . Compared with the BASE-R scenario , all the nuclear option scenarios delay deployment of new solar PV generation capacity , although in all cases the full amount of constrained new solar capacity ( 1,500 MW ) is added during the planning horizon to 2036 . Similarly , all the nuclear option scenarios delay deployment of new wind capacity until later in the planning horizon , and in the case of the new-nuclear LWR 600 MW capacity scenario overall new wind generation capacity grows to less than its constrained limit ( 500 MW ) by just over 100MW . Table 4.12 summarizes the overall differences in new electricity generation capacity built over the TIMESArmenia model planning horizon for the four nuclear option scenarios as compared to the BASE-R scenario . In the scenario with a