scenarios in which gas prices are significantly lower than European gas prices over the planning horizon would be expected to increase the use of gas as compared to other sources of energy , but any such increase in total system costs is clearly offset by the assumed lower prices of that gas . As shown in Table 4.19 below , in both scenarios there is an overall increase in TPES , because of increased use of the cheaper imported natural gas and reduction in implementation of renewable energy sources . In the EU trend to 2036 scenario , replacement of renewables by natural gas results in total additional use of around 32 PJ23 of primary energy supply distributed primarily between an increase of 56 PJ ( roughly 1.6 billion m3 ) of natural gas and a reduction of renewables by 22 PJ over the entire planning period . In the scenario with the gas price capped at $ 180 , there is a 1.5 % increase of TPES , amounting to roughly 49 PJ of additional energy use , in which an additional 85 PJ ( roughly 2.4 billion m3 ) of gas is offset by a 34 PJ reduction of renewables . Figure 4.13 below illustrates the changes in composition of TPES as compared to the BASE-R scenario for each of the lower gas price scenarios , indicating the pattern of increase in natural gas supply and reductions of renewables and of oil products , equal to 2.2 PJ for a 1.0 % reduction . As shown in Table 4.20 below , despite the above-noted changes in the structure of TPES there is virtually no change in FEC . Referring to the more detailed outputs of the TIMES Armenia model , the data show that FEC remains virtually unchanged by fuel and by sector , which is the result of replacing electricity generated by renewable energy sources by that produced in gas-fired power plants . Table 4.21 presents the TIMES Armenia model results for electricity generation capacity by plant and plant type over the planning horizon for each of the lower gas price scenarios , as well as for the BASE-R scenario . The key notable points in both lower gas price scenarios are that no new gas-fired power plant capacity is needed , while the mid-sized HPPS are not required and the overall level of solar and wind capacity additions remain the same , with some small variations in their timing . Figures 4.14 and 4.15 below provide another representation of the TIMES Armenia model results for new electricity generation capacity over the planning horizon , which again reiterates that there are no differences in total new power plant capacities by type needed to cover electricity demand between the two lower gas price scenarios as compared to the BASE-R scenario , and only the implementation schedule for renewable energy ( wind ) is slightly different , depending on the required consumption level in each time period . Figures