noted above there are no differences in the total amount of new generation capacity added to the system in any of these scenarios as compared to BASE-R , at the same time there are very slight differences in total lumpsum investments in new generations due to the shifts in timing of the costs realized , as shown in Table 4.30 below . Finally , the TIMES Armenia model results confirm that reduced use of fossil fuels will tend to reduce GHG emissions in the system as compared to the BASE-R scenario , by a range from 3.3 % to 7.7 % , as shown in Table 4.31 . # 4.5 REDUCED GHG EMISSIONS FROM ENERGY SECTOR COMPARED TO BAU BY 2036 # 4.5.1 SCENARIO DESCRIPTION Armenia as a party to the Paris Agreement has undertaken obligations to reduce its GHG emissions to the level defined in its Nationally Determined Contribution ( NDC ) but meeting these targets will be a challenge . This scenario examines the impact on energy system development costs of meeting Armenia ’ s adopted NDC obligations , which were not an imposed constraint in the BASE-R scenario . In particular , this scenario forces the NDC target of 127,000 ktons of CO2-equivalent emissions over the entire planning period , which is very close to a 10 % GHG reduction as compared to BASE-R by 2036 , the Cumulative GHG 127 Mt Scenario . We also examine a scenario where value of the 2036 GHG emissions target is shifted forward , to be achieved by 2030 , the GHG Target by 2030 Scenario . This scenario allows us to assess policy options associated with additional reduction of GHG emissions , which would provide the possibility to transfer some amount of Armenian GHG reduction limits to later years , or sell credits in the GHG market , or some combination of both . # 4.5.2 REDUCED GHG SCENARIO RESULTS It is obvious that limitation of GHG emissions can be achieved by reduction of fossil fuel use . Such a target could be reached by broad replacement of existing “ dirty ” technologies by non-fossil fuel ones on the demand side , and by wider implementation of renewable resources and nuclear options in electricity generation . The TIMES Armenia model results presented below summarize the possible pathways to meet Armenia ’ s NDC obligations , while ensuring the least-cost solution on energy system development over the entire planning horizon . Given that we continue to maintain the cap on level of deployment of renewables from the BASE-R scenario , it follows that further reductions in GHG from the generation side would be driven by the next noncarbon technology , i.e. , nuclear . While increased efficiency can also arise on the demand side , but it this scenario we maintain the same energy efficiency adoption assumptions as in the BASE-R scenario . As shown in Table 4.32 , the total system cost will increase by around 0.9 % in