in Figure 3.10 , the assumed limitation on implementing new generation from VRES reduces the overall total ( undiscounted ) lumpsum level of investment in new generation by 40 % , from US $ 3,170 million to US $ 1,891 , which is the combined result of the much-reduced level of solar PV and wind investment , offset partly by the increased HPP investments and higher utilization of the existing gas-fired thermal generation . Thus , the reduced new generation investment funding need of US $ 1,279 million is also associated with significantly higher fuel expenditures . As the limited implementation of VRES results in additional natural gas demand of roughly 26.5 % relative to IU BASE by 2036 , this amounts to an additional total of approximately 7.62 billion m3 of gas over the planning period , which would be the assumed gas prices require an additional ( undiscounted ) US $ 2.36 billion . # 4 . SELECTED SCENARIOS FOR THE ARMENIAN ENERGY SYSTEM : 2020-2036 This Chapter provides a summary of key results in comparing the Baseline-Reference ( BASE-R ) Scenario with a set of alternative scenarios identified as of interest by key sector stakeholders . Full detailed outputs for each Scenario are presented in Annex 4 . # 4.1 GDP GROWTH SENSITIVITY ANALYSES # 4.1.1 SENSITIVITY ANALYSES DESCRIPTION The BASE-R scenario assumed that GDP growth will stay constant after 2022 , at the level of 4.5 % per year . Taking into consideration that GDP is the main driver of demand growth , two sensitivity scenarios have been modeled to analyze the influence of different GDP growth rates on the Armenian energy system ’ s least cost development pathway . In particular , the cases of a 50 % higher growth rate ( 6.75 % per year ) and a 50 % lower rate ( 2.25 % per year ) have been analyzed . Figure 4.1 below shows the modelled levels of GDP for each milestone year at the three growth rate levels . # 4.1.2 GDP GROWTH SENSITIVITY RESULTS As anticipated , Table 4.1 shows that total system costs are estimated to increase by around 12.2 % in the case with a 50 % higher GDP growth rate and to decrease by 7.0 % in scenario with a 50 % lower GDP growth rate as compared to the BASE-R scenario . With higher GDP growth reflecting broader development of the economy at large , this results in an increase of energy use to cover the enlarged demand . It is interesting to note that while the higher rate of GDP growth leads to an overall level of GDP nearly 47 % higher than in the BASE-R scenario , energy system costs increases by a significantly lower percentage . Similarly , while the lower level of GDP growth leads to lower energy system total costs , the reduction of 7 % is less than the overall decrease in GDP of 23 % compared to BASE-R. As