on people ’ s collective aspirations ; and build social cohesion and help to foster a new social contract . The work will be based on the principles of inclusiveness and address emerging vulnerabilities with a human-centred approach . This includes the creation of psychosocial and economic support mechanisms and the provision of medical care , particularly for war veterans . UNDP will also promote transformation ( including digital ) of the Parliament and other institutions to enhance checks and balances and ensure a ‘ whole-of-government ’ approach , strengthened separation of powers and cross-party work . 24 . UNDP continues to be a key partner to the Government and Parliament in the design , implementation and promotion of open governance policies . The Parliament will play a key role , serving as an important platform for evidence-based policymaking and citizen engagement . UNDP will seek to eliminate gender inequalities through targeted genderfocused initiatives that consider the unique experiences , potential , needs and contributions of women , girls , men and boys . This will include efforts to dismantle structural barriers and promote the leadership and wide participation of women and youth in decision-making and help the Government to ensure that its strategies , plans and programmes are genderresponsive . The programme will continue to focus on implementation and oversight of the Human Rights Strategy and Action Plan ; enhancing accountability of law-enforcement bodies , efficiency and public trust in the judiciary ; promoting non-discrimination ; and strengthening capacities of the office of the Human Rights Defender of the Republic of Armenia.25 . The pathway to evidence-based policy , financing and innovation aligned to the Sustainable Development Goals builds on the UNDP integrator and convening roles and on established platforms for innovation , collaboration and financing/impact investments . In line with the reform of the United Nations development system , UNDP will provide integrated policy and programme solutions ; support the development of an integrated ecosystem for collection and analysis of data on the Goals ; support the development of evidence-based policies and frameworks aligned to the Goals using state-of-the-art tools for data collection , modelling and forecasting ; and transfer knowledge , behavioural insights and innovation to help pioneer new ways of ‘ doing development ’ ” . Specifically , UNDP will pioneer an innovative portfolio approach to the development of the country ’ s secondary cities , using innovative practices for reimagined urban development . UNDP will also work closely with the Government to create links between policies , planning and budgeting processes and the Goals , and deploy innovative mechanisms to leverage partnerships and multiple sources of development finance . 26 . The programme will prioritize co-designing a road map for an integrated national financing framework to help the Government mobilize the resources needed to realize development priorities . UNDP will initiate dialogues between the Government , the private sector and investors to provide a common understanding of financing and investments for the Goals ; stimulate