urban and rural planning ; income and employment generation for vulnerable groups , including in agriculture ; infrastructure rehabilitation and development , including housing solutions ; and the realization of the country ’ s human capital potential . UNDP will contribute to increasing competitiveness and connectivity in Armenia , thus helping to mitigate negative migration trends . Solutions that use participatory approaches at local level will be pursued , with a focus on fostering a culture of active citizenry where women and men enjoy equal rights and opportunities to influence and benefit from proportional territorial development . UNDP will further expand its work to strengthen livelihoods , promote a predictable , fair and competitive business environment and build social cohesion and resilience in areas affected by the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict . 19 . Support will include : ( a ) improving preparedness for socioeconomic and environmental shocks in rural communities and secondary cities ; ( b ) the transition from subsistence agriculture to value addition , processing and precise agriculture using climate-smart , green and digital technologies , including irrigation systems ; ( c ) investments in small and mediumsized enterprises , local start-up initiatives and tourism development ; ( d ) boosting entrepreneurship , especially for women , and facilitation of trade , investment and exports ; ( e ) income-generation and employment initiatives , including rehabilitation and integration into social and economic life for war veterans , wounded and disabled during the recent military escalation in the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict area ; and ( f ) the development of a future-proof labour market . 20 . This will be enabled through the promotion of technology-based education , including improved literacy in information and communication technology ; professional exchanges without discrimination by age or disability status ; inclusive and active labour-market policies with focus on new skills , new jobs and talent management ; lifelong learning and re/up-skilling , including through vocational education and training ; and protection of labour rights . To strengthen social protection , UNDP will work with the Government to upgrade public service models and strengthen local capacities to deliver people-centred and shockresponsive services , including through digital and innovative modalities . These approaches are necessary to foster sustainable connectivity , including transport , which in turn will improve the services and assistance available to the regions . The pathway to environmental sustainability and resilience will comprise efforts to mainstream environmental issues into national and regional development processes , thus helping the country to transition into a low-carbon , resource-efficient , resilient and socially-inclusive green economy that is able to adapt to and mitigate the effects of climate change . UNDP interventions will be geared towards identifying , piloting and scaling up data-driven and tech-based smart policies and solutions that are environmentally and climate-friendly , risk-informed and long lasting . UNDP will work on : ( a ) improving the institutional and regulatory frameworks governing the environmental sector ; ( b ) providing technical and financial support