. THE COMPOSITION OF FEC IN THE BASE YEAR In the base year , the total final energy consumption ( FEC ) amounted to 2,094.6 kilotons of oil equivalent ( ktoe ) , out of which the households and Transport accounted for just over 1,400 ktoe . The base year data indicates the leading position of households , which accounted for 37 % of total FEC , with Transport second at almost 30 % . In the base year , Services and Industry accounted for 15.6 % and 15.3 % of FEC , respectively , while Agriculture had the smallest share in the total Armenian FEC at 2 % . In 2016 , natural gas was the dominant type of fuel , amounting to 1,209.6 ktoe or 57.7 % of total FEC . Figure A.1.1 shows FEC by sector and types of fuel in 2016 . The Residential sector consumed 784.7 ktoe in 2016 , making up to 37 % of Armenian total FEC . Natural gas was the biggest form of energy consumed , representing 480.6 ktoe or 61.2 % of total household energy consumption . In the base year coal and heat were the least used fuel types , each just 0.03 % . The amount of different fuel types consumed in Residential sector are reflected in Figure A.1.2 . Because natural gas and electricity were the main energy carriers used by households , their monthly consumption has been analyzed further in order to allocate the total amount of natural gas demand between heat , hot water , and cooking and for electricity demand between heat , hot water , cooking , air conditioning , and appliances . It was assumed that gas demand for hot water preparation and cooking remain unchanged throughout the year , while differences between winter and summer consumption patterns are reflected heating demands . The same analysis was done for electricity , where variations in monthly ( and time of day ) consumption patterns clearly showed for air conditioning and heating demand . The remaining demands - for hot water , cooking and appliances - are also kept constant throughout the year . This reconstruction was required by TIMES in order to identify the shares of each demand for the Armenian model . Based on review of the Economic Development and Research Center Analytic Report on Residential Energy Consumption Survey : 2015 ( EDRC , 2016 ) , electricity consumption was redistributed among the different types of appliances defined in the TIMES-Armenia model , in particular : lighting , refrigerators and freezers , washing machines , vacuum cleaners , fans , mills , mixers , radio electronic equipment , and others . In the base year , the Service sector consumed 326.9 ktoe , a 15.6 % share in total FEC of Armenia . Natural gas was the main energy source consumed , providing 56.3 % of the sector total and 8.8 % in the total Armenian FEC . In 2016 , electricity