fostering stakeholder buy-in and consensus building . In adapting the generic TIMES model to a specific country use case , estimates of end-use energy service demands ( e.g. , car road travel ; residential lighting ; steam heat requirements in the paper industry ; etc . ) are provided by the user to drive the reference scenario . In addition , the user provides estimates of the existing stocks of energy-related equipment in all sectors and identifies assumptions relating to the characteristics of available future technologies and present and future sources of primary energy supply and their potentials . Using these as inputs , the TIMES model carries out its optimization to supply energy services at minimum global cost by simultaneously making decisions on equipment investment and operation ; primary energy supply ; and energy trade . For example , if there is an increase in residential lighting energy service relative to the reference scenario ( perhaps due to a decline in the cost of residential lighting , or due to different assumptions on GDP growth ) , either existing generation equipment must be used more intensively , or new , possibly more efficient equipment must be installed . The choice by the model of the generation equipment ( type and fuel ) is based on the analysis of the characteristics of alternative generation technologies , on the economics of energy supply , and on environmental criteria . As shown in Figure 2.2 , the TIMES model platform is a vertically integrated model of the entire extended energy system . Finally , it should be noted that in TIMES , as in its MARKAL model forerunner , the quantities and prices of the various commodities are assumed to be in equilibrium , i.e . prices and quantities in each time period are such that suppliers produce exactly the quantities demanded by consumers . Thus , this equilibrium has the property that total economic surplus is maximized . # 2.2 DRIVING THE TIMES MODEL VIA SCENARIOS The TIMES model is particularly suited to explore possible energy futures based on contrasted scenarios . Given the long time-horizons that are typically simulated with the model , the scenario approach is the most effective choice ( whereas for shorter time periods econometric methods may provide more useful projections ) . A scenario consists of a set of coherent assumptions about the future trajectories of the main drivers of the energy system , leading to a coherent organization of the system under study . In the TIMES platform , a complete scenario consists of four types of inputs : energy service demand curves , primary resource supply curves , a policy setting , and descriptions of a complete set of existing and available future technologies . # 2.2.1 THE DEMAND COMPONENT OF A TIMES SCENARIO In the case of a country-specific version of the TIMES model , the main drivers are : Population , GDP , GDP per bf hhldd l OhdfTIMES dl dd d