study for construction of a wind power plant with total installed capacity of 34 MW was prepared . # Acciona Energy Global SL ( Spain ) By the Memorandum of Understanding signed on March 30 , 2017 between the Ministry of Energy Infrastructures and Natural Resources of RA and Acciona Energy Global SL on Wind Power Plant Construction Program in Armenia , it is foreseen to construct wind power plants with capacity of 100-150 MW . In December 2017 , the company started implementation of the wind potential assessment . Two 80 meter wind monitoring stations and one Sodar system were installed . Each station is equipped with 8 anemometers , 3 weathercocks , 2 thermo-hygrometers and 1 atmospheric pressure gauge . # Access Infra Central Asia Limited ( United Arab Emirates ) According to relevant decision of the GoA dated March 30 , 2017 , assistance is provided to Access Infra Central Asia Limited ( UAE ) for construction of wind power stations in Armenia with capacity up to 150 MW . According to relevant decision of the GoA dated March 30 , 2017 , assistance is provided to Access Infra another was planned to be installed in April 2018 . # 7.1.1.4 OTHERS # Geothermal energy Investigations have been conducted to reveal the precise sites of geothermal energy sources for possible construction of geothermal power plants . One of these sites is Jermaghbyur where , according to geological and geophysical explorations , a high pressure ( 20-25 atmosphere pressure ) hot water ( at up to 250օC ) resource is considered to be available at a depth of 2,500 -3,000 meters . If confirmed , it would be possible to construct a geothermal power plant with 25 MW capacity in this area . # Biogas Biomass is not widely used as a power or gas source in Armenia . Annual potential of Armenia for receiving biogas is about 135 million m3 and the country have just initiated its utilization . A contract between Yerevan Municipality and Japan Shimizu Corporation was signed for implementation of the Nubarashen Solid Waste Landfill Gas Capture and Power Generation Clean Development Mechanism ( CDM ) Project in Yerevan . According to the calculations of Shimizu Corporation , implementation of each phase of the mentioned project would result in annual creation of certificated reduction of CO2 emissions equal at least 56,000 tons . # Bioethanol The Renewable Resources and Energy Efficiency Fund of Armenia , with the assistance of a WB and GEF grant has organized a study on “ Assessment of Bioethanol Production , Potential Utilization and Perspectives in Armenia ” in which the project of bioethanol production potential is prepared for investors . # APPENDIX 3 . GENERAL INPUT DATA FOR TIMES-ARMENIA Based on the discussions in the MEINR the following data is considered for modeling . # 1 . Planning period Data for specific events and policies will be entered in the model for the years in which they are expected