Development Cooperation Framework ( UNSDCF ) : ( a ) people ’ s well-being and capabilities ; ( b ) green , sustainable and inclusive economic development ; and ( c ) responsive and effective governance . Particularly , UNDP will address multidimensional poverty by building a deeper and more holistic understanding of what poverty and vulnerability mean in the postCOVID-19 , conflict reality and work across sectors to address the deprivations that leave people behind . Regular human development snapshots will unpack emerging priorities , drawing attention of policymakers through white papers and provoking public discourse through awareness-raising . UNDP will support the Government ’ s future-proof strategic planning by embedding foresight and scenario design at national and subnational levels , including in crisis preparedness . 11 . A key direction of the UNSDCF is to address the socioeconomic impacts of the compound crisis . Building on the socioeconomic/early recovery efforts of the United Nations , technically led by UNDP and coordinated by the Resident Coordinator , UNDP will work hand in hand with the Government , United Nations agencies , international financial institutions ( IFIs ) and other development partners to bring various mandates and experiences into coherent actions that will help the country ’ s recovery to be more resilient , more peoplecentred and greener . The comparative advantages of UNDP include the ability to collect , manage and analyse data and leverage digital solutions and innovative approaches to help the country transition towards risk-informed and evidence-based development . 12 . UNDP plays an important role in joint programming and implementation in Armenia . In the period 2021-2025 , UNDP will work to create an integrated innovation platform as part of shifting to the next-generation UNDP , using its innovation platforms as internal service providers to United Nations agencies and for exploratory and catalytic joint programming with the Government and other partners . The platforms have influenced the UNDP approach to innovation globally and efforts to scale this approach will be further explored during this programme cycle through South-South and/or triangular cooperation . 13 . UNDP is well positioned to facilitate a stronger engagement between the United Nations and the private sector and to leverage the wealth of human capital in the country . A priority is to deploy new and innovative development financing options enabled through publicprivate partnerships and better alignment between financial market incentives and long-term development . # II . Programme priorities and partnerships 14 . The vision for the country programme is for Armenia to become a more cohesive , inclusive , just and resilient society supported by governance systems that use evidence , citizen-centred innovation and partnerships to ensure social , economic and environmental sustainability and prosperity for all . Important sub-elements of the vision are : ( a ) people are healthy , skilled and resilient to poverty , external shocks and disasters ; ( b ) people enjoy equal rights and opportunities regardless of their personal characteristics ; ( c