INITIAL UNCONSTRAINED BASELINE SCENARIO The following discussion summarizes the main findings of the TIMES-Armenia initial model Baseline Scenario calculation results , in which no further constraints than those noted above have been introduced . It is useful to reiterate that the purpose of this exercise is to provide a starting point and framework for further analysis , focused on the sole criterion of least cost entry of new generation in the system to ensure that projected demand is met . Based on the results of this scenario , further adjustments may be made before examining a series of practical scenarios and sensitivities that will be developed in order to provide inputs for policy and planning considerations for Armenia ’ s energy sector . Starting with the projection of main energy sources over the planning time horizon , presented in Table 3.6 , we hl ibfhdiih ihiTl PiESl ( TPES ) staying at around 58 % in the period following the exit from the system of the ANPP in 2027 , having declined to just under 50 % in the period around 2024 . Nuclear energy remains a significant supply source , accounting for up to 25 % of TPES , until the ANPP exits from the system . Renewable energy sources increase dramatically over the planning period , rising from around 6 % of TPES to 24 % . The share of oil products in TPES rises slightly from 10 % to 12 % over the planning period . Given the continuing large role of gas in TPES , albeit balanced by the rise of renewable energy sources later in the planning period , we considered whether the capacities of existing gas pipelines might cause possible gas supply restrictions . The results , presented in Table 3.7 , indicate that at the end of planning period , the gas supply level from Russia will be just under 55 % of maximum capacity of pipeline . The final energy consumption ( FEC ) by sectors and fuel types is presented in Table 3.8 . As can be seen , the main energy source consumed for the Agriculture sector , which accounts for less than 2 % of total FEC , is oil products , remaining around 77 % throughout the planning period . For the Commercial sector , whose share of total FEC rises from 16 % to over 20 % over the planning period , the main sources of energy consumed are natural gas and electricity ; the former covering 57 % and the latter 42 % of sectoral demand respectively , with a slight shift over the planning period from gas to electricity . In the Industry sector , whose share of total FEC rises very slightly from just under 15 % to just over 16 % over the planning period , the main sources of energy consumed are again natural gas and electricity ; the former accounting for 50 % and the latter 43 % of sector demand