As seen from TABLE the Chinese , Korean and US versions are considerably cheaper . Based on this we suggest two versions of ALWR , one based on average characteristics of ALWR globally and the second based solely on Hungary data . It should be mentioned that TABLE also includes the nuclear power plant in Mohovce , Slovak Republic , which consists of 2 blocks with 513MW each . However , this is for a project originally initiated in 1986 , the design of which has evolved substantially from the original water-cooled and water-moderated reactor ( VVER ) V-213 specifications , because of this it is not considered . Emerging nuclear technologies in the 2015-2030 timeframe include small modular reactors ( SMRs ) , essentially based on the same technology as today ’ s generation III reactors ( namely light water reactors ) . There are wideranging projections for installed SMR capacity by 2030 . Because of their size the specific per-MW costs of SMRs are likely to be higher ( typically 50 % to 100 % higher per kWh for a single SMR plant ) than those of large generation III reactors . Variable costs ( O & M and fuel costs ) for SMRs most likely will remain higher than for large nuclear plants as well . Based on Current Status , Technical Feasibility and Economics of Small Nuclear Reactors ( NEA 2011 ) , because of economies of scale , SMRs will suffer a significant economic disadvantage compared to large reactors in terms of their overnight costs per unit of installed capacity . Specific capital costs ( i.e . capital costs per unit of installed capacity ) are expected to decrease with size because of fixed set-up costs ( e.g . siting activities or earth works for connecting to the transmission grid ) , more efficient utilization of primary inputs ( e.g . raw materials ) , and the higher performance of larger components ( e.g . pumps , heat exchangers , steam generators , etc. ) . Several studies have employed the following scaling function to illustrate the effect of changing from a plant unit size P0 to a plant of similar design with capacity P1 : Cost ( P1 ) = Cost ( P0 ) x ( P1/P0 ) n ( 1 ) where Cost ( P1 ) and Cost ( P0 ) are the costs of power plants of size P1 and P0 respectively , and n is the scaling factor for the entire plant ( this is an overall scaling law for the entire plant—different components of the plant may have substantially different scaling exponentsCurrent Status , Technical Feasibility and Economics of Small Nuclear Reactors gives some examples of n. For Korea n=0.45 , for France n=0.6 for direct costs and 0.3 for indirect costs . For this study we have assumed the scaling factor of 0.6 for overnight and O & M costs . Because we consider the SMRs of same LWR