Electricity Board ( CEB ) and Lanka Electricity Company ( Pvt . ) Ltd. ( LECO ) . CEB is expected to be unbundled vertically and horizontally to form one generation company , a single transmission and bulk-power trading company and several distribution companies . A regulatory structure in the form of the Public Utilities Commission of Sri Lanka ( PUCSL ) is already in place , for all physical infrastructure sectors , inclusive of the electricity and petroleum industries . Although the PUCSL has been already set up under the provisions of the Public Utilities Commission of Sri Lanka Act No . 35 of 2002 to regulate the physical infrastructure sectors , it will be empowered to execute regulation only when the individual industry legislations are enacted and made effective . At present , only the electricity industry , the water service industry and petroleum industry are listed in the PUCSL Act . LPG industry is owned by the private sector except for the contribution of about 15 % of to the total LPG supply by the state-owned Ceylon Petroleum Corporation ( CEYPETCO ) , which is the only player at present in the petroleum refining business . CEYPETCO is already competing with Lanka Indian Oil Company ( Lanka IOC ) in petroleum distribution . A third player could also join petroleum distribution , but this has been temporarily suspended by the Government due to the lack of anticipated benefits to the country and its consumers through the liberalization and part privatization of the downstream petroleum sub-sector . PUCSL , which will be the future petroleum sub-sector regulator , will have the authority to decide on the future structure of the petroleum sub sector . Biomass still remains a sub-sector not formally organised unlike the electricity and petroleum sub-sectors . With new developments where contribution of biomass as a primary resource of energy for electricity generation could become substantial , the biomass sub-sector would also become more organised . The “ National Energy Policy and Strategies of Sri Lanka ” is elaborated in three sections in this policy document . * “ Energy Policy Elements ” consists of the fundamental principles that guide the development and future direction of Sri Lanka ’ s Energy Sector . * “ Implementing Strategies ” states the implementation framework to achieve each policy element . * “ Specific Targets , Milestones and Institutional Responsibilities ” state the national targets , and the planning and institutional responsibilities to implement the strategies . This National Energy Policy and Strategies of Sri Lanka shall be reviewed and revised after a period of three years . # 2 ENERGY POLICY ELEMENTS 2.1 Providing Basic Energy Needs * Energy requirements to fulfil the basic needs of the people and to enhance their living standards and opportunities for gainful economic activity will be adequately and continually satisfied at the lowest possible cost to the economy . Creating the necessary framework to provide the basic energy needs of the population