dimensions , known as the energy trilemma , Sri Lanka today is seen to be moving away from the delicate balance of these three forces . The national energy policy is thus founded on ten pillars , rooted in the broad areas impacting the society , economy and the environment , in an effort to counter balance the forces through enhanced equity , security and sustainability , respectively . 1 . Assuring Energy Security 2 . Providing Access to Energy Services 3 . Providing Energy Services at the Optimum Cost to the National Economy 4 . Improving Energy Efficiency and Conservation 5 . Enhancing Self Reliance 6 . Caring for the Environment 7 . Enhancing the Share of Renewable Energy 8 . Strengthening Good Governance in the Energy Sector 9 . Securing Land for Future Energy Infrastructure 10 . Providing Opportunities for Innovation and Entrepreneurship The ten pillars are described in greater detail below 1 ) Assuring Energy Security Primary and secondary energy supplies of the country will be secured to ensure continuity , adequacy and reliability . 2 ) Providing Access to Energy Services Access to reliable , convenient , affordable , equitable and quality energy services will be provided to all citizens to improve their living standards and to engage in gainful economic activities . 3 ) Providing Energy Services at the Optimum Cost to the National Economy Energy services will be provided at the optimum long-term cost , to lower the burden on the national economy and to achieve competitiveness of locally produced goods and services in international markets . 4 ) Improving Energy Efficiency and Conservation Efficient use of energy will be promoted in all sectors and across the energy value chain , engaging both the suppliers and users . 5 ) Enhancing Self Reliance Indigenous energy resources will be developed to the optimum levels to minimise dependence on imported resources , subject to resolving technical , economic , environmental and social constraints , with the objective of minimising the vulnerability of energy supplies to external situations . 6 ) Caring for the Environment A meaningful contribution to climate change will be made by maintaining the low carbon intensity of the Sri Lankan energy sector . Adverse environmental and social impacts of energy services will be minimised to care for the global and local environment . 7 ) Enhancing the Share of Renewable Energy Indigenous renewable energy resources will be developed to the optimum level to attain sustainability and a higher degree of resilience in the energy sector . 8 ) Strengthening Good Governance in the Energy Sector Governance of the energy sector to be strengthened to realise accountability , fairness and transparency to achieve investor and consumer confidence . A stable policy environment will be ensured , and the regulatory framework will be further strengthened to assure good governance in the energy sector . 9 ) Securing Land for Future Energy Infrastructure Strategic locations for establishing energy facilities and corridors which inter connect such facilities