File Name : LKA-NEP-2019-EN Year : 2019 Country Name : Sri Lanka Country Code : LKA Category : NEP Document Title : NATIONAL ENERGY POLICY AND STRATEGIES OF SRI LANKA Exists ? : Y Publication Date : 2019 Start Year : 2019 End Year : 2030 Language : EN -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- # 1 . Inroduction Global energy industry has entered a decisive phase of transition , where an increasing number of supply options , newer energy carriers and the growing demand , contribute to increase the complexity of the industry . Sri Lanka too , will face this transition during the next few decades , and the energy industry in transition will fuel the growing economy of the country , opening many frontiers and opportunities . This policy spells out ways and means of steering the energy sector in transition to power the nation and its social market economy , aiming at higher levels of stability , security , affordability and sustainability with the least environmental burden , and provide a fertile ground for all public and private enterprises , homes and institutions to flourish in a future , where energy will not be a constraint . Sri Lanka is ranked in the mid-range of United Nations Human Development Index , while the annual GDP per capita too is in the mid-range , at USD 4,065 ( 2017 ) 1 . The government ’ s drive to reach the upper middle-income level within this decade intensifies the role of energy in Sri Lanka ’ s economy.As a nation embarking on a progressive social market economy after a three decade-long conflict , a holistic approach to development is desirable , compared with an incremental approach . An energy policy consistent with social and economic development goals is required owing to significant impacts of the energy sector on each social and economic activity of the country . Sri Lanka maintains a comparatively lower energy intensity of economy , using 0.47TJ of commercial energy to produce onemillion LKR of GDP2 . The challenge posed to Sri Lanka is to maintain the lower energy intensity , while accelerating the growth of the economy . Sri Lanka has reached the important milestone of 100 % electrification , thereby fulfilling the goal of providing modern energy sources to all the citizens . Economic growth amidst universal access requires the energy supply capacity to be steadily increased . The growth in demand can also be managed by improving the efficiency of energy conversion.Continued efforts to maintain a low energy intensity status requires to be rewarded with a lower burden on the economy and the environment . Increased efforts on demand management through policy driven incentives are required to meet this goal amidst high economic growth . Upgrading the transport modes to more efficient systems along with transport infrastructure development and stimulating the use of other