* Average electricity price to each category of consumers will be gradually made cost reflective . A conducive environment will be created to fully utilise the Demand Side Management ( DSM ) opportunities arising from this change . * The lifeline tariff to domestic consumers will be limited to Samurdhi Beneficiaries and to a monthly household consumption of 30kWh . The related subsidy component estimated at 50 % of the cost of supply will be fully financed through Government grants . * Electricity generation prices at bulk purchase points will be as stated in the Power Purchase Agreements , and the cost of transmission distribution and supply will be regulated ensuring fairness to both consumers and electricity utilities . Consumers and all other stake holders will be given opportunities to present their views at a public hearing . Institutional responsibility to implement the electricity pricing policy lies with the PUCSL , electricity utilities and the General Treasury . Electricty distribution utilities shall prepare tariff proposals for the approval of PUCSL , which will seek concurrence of the Treasury on Government subsidy . 4.6 Petroleum sub-sector Regulation and Product Pricing Prices of petroleum-based fuels will be determined using an agreed price formula between the Government and the petroleum sub-sector utilities regulated by the PUCSL . Price regulation will apply only to petroleum-based fuels marketed in a non-competitive environment . Petroleum product imports and their country-wide distribution will be carried out through the common user facilities , which will also be regulated by the PUCSL . No general subsidy will be provided to any of the products and the marketing companies will be allowed to decide on their retail consumer prices within the specified maximum retail consumer prices for the period . Targeted subsidies wille be made available to low income households ( Samurdhi Beneficiaries ) for kerosene usage . Subsidies provided for other petroleum-based fuels will be removed by 2007 . Institutional responsibility to implement this lies with PUCSL , petroleum sub-sector utilities and the Treasury . Petroleum distributors shall prepare the product pricing proposals according to the agreed formula for the approval of the PUCSL which will seek concurrence of the Treasury on the Government subsidy . 4.7 Oil and Gas Exploration Comprehensive seismic acquisition in the Gulf of Mannar Basin were carried out in mid 2005 . Announcement of a first licensing round will be made in 2006 to offer blocks for exploration . More detailed 2D seismic and 3D seismic investigations will be carried out in the Cauvery basin and in the southern area in 2006/2007 . Institutional responsibility to implement all steps to ensure that exploration and exploitation of petroleum resources are carried out with appropriate investor participation adopting internationally recognised practices and proven technology lies with the Ministry of Petroleum and Petroleum Resources Development . 4.8 Bunkering The Strategic geographical location of Sri Lanka places it in a very favourable situation to become a leader in the bunkering business in South Asia . Action has already