is recognised as a primary social responsibility of the state . Further , the importance of maintaining the adequacy and the continuity of energy supplies at the lowest cost to the economy to satisfy the increasing energy requirement of the population , arising from the country ’ s economic development , is also recognised by the state . 2.2 Ensuring Energy Secutiry * Energy resources used in the country will be diversified and the future energy mix will be rationalized . The primary and secondary energy resources used in the country will be diversified to maximise the country ’ s energy security . To ensure the continuity of supply , the future energy mix will be rationalized , considering important factors such as the economic cost , environmental impacts ( including those on existing hydropower project catchment areas ) , reliability of supplies , convenience to consumers and strategic independence . 2.3 Promoting Energy Efficiency and Conservation * Energy supply systems will be efficiently managed and operated while also ensuring efficient utilisation and conservation of energy . Efficient management and operation of the energy sector utilities are vital to ensure minimum cost of supply to consumers . Efficient utilisation of energy by all concerned , from utilities ( supply-side management ) to final consumers ( demand-side management ) not only saves valuable resources of the country but also reduces the overall cost of energy to the consumer . Meaningful conservation of energy will be pursued at all times . 2.4 Promoting Indigenous Resources * Indigenous energy resources will be developed to the optimum levels to minimise dependence on non-indigenous resources , subject to resolving economic , environmental and social constraints . Minimum dependence on non-indigenous resources and optimum development of local energy resources will minimise the vulnerability of energy supplies to external factors such as the international socio-political environment . Further , it also eases pressure on the country ’ s balance of payments . The Energy Policy includes necessary initiatives to vigorously implement the country ’ s oil and gas exploration programme . 2.5 Adopting an Appropriate Pricing Policy * An appropriate pricing policy for the energy sector will be adopted considering important factors such as cost reflectivity , need for targeted subsidies , and competitiveness of locally produced goods and services in the regional and world markets . Non-cost reflective pricing and non-targeted subsidies both in the electricity and petroleum sub-sectors in the absence of a property regulatory mechanism , seriously hamper the growth and financial viability of sub-sector utilities . Further , they drain state financial resources away from social infrastructure such as healthcare and education , which deserve to demand significant levels of state funding . At the same time , it is important to make pricing decisions on energy products and services taking into account the impacts of such decisions on the competitiveness of local goods and services in the regional and global markets . It is also necessary that only the costs incurred prudently