disaster early warning ; and standards and precedents for bottom-up , intersectoral interventions . 8 . As a development partner in Sri Lanka for 55 years , UNDP brings five key comparative advantages to support its development priorities through the UNSDCF : ( a ) Partnerships and convening power , allowing for a multidimensional approach to policy and programming , with strong links to both civil society and private sector stakeholders . UNDP supported the development of a national action plan to address sexual and gender-based violence , 2016-2020 , and the preparation of the 2023-2027 plan , also demonstrating leadership in disability inclusion ; ( b ) Integrated solutions to Sustainable Development Goals acceleration through improved planning and financing – including Goals-aligned budgeting , tax reform , strengthening data architecture , linkages across sectors such as sustainable tourism and environment , and vertical linkages between national and subnational levels . Since volunteer-involving organizations and volunteers play a crucial role in localizing the goals , such platforms and partnerships will be leveraged ; ( c ) policy and thought leadership , drawing upon the UNDP Global Policy Network as well as country-level platforms such as the Colombo Development Dialogues , an established ‘ brand ’ with policy credibility ; ( d ) Innovation and digital-led approaches . UNDP is home to the first dedicated social innovation facility in South Asia – the Citra Lab , which provides space for experimentation based on principles of human-centred design and systems thinking to address complex development challenges , provide strategic support to programmes and advance the digital transformation agenda . UNDP is ( e ) an agile development partner , able to pilot solutions and take them to scale , as evidenced by its reaching over 2 million Sri Lankans to date through its Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme , resettlement , capacity development for local government , and youth entrepreneurship and skills programmes . 9 . The overarching theory of change of the programme suggests pathways for all people in Sri Lanka , especially the most vulnerable , to contribute to and benefit from inclusive and sustainable development in a resilient , peaceful and cohesive society . The pathway to more inclusive green recovery and growth comprises evidence-based economic policies that decouple growth from environmental degradation ; incentivize low-carbon , climate-sensitive investments ; promote innovation , entrepreneurship and decent job creation for women and youth ; and facilitate better access to financing and markets . To expand equitable human development , social and economic policies need to be augmented by rights-based , better targeted , higher-quality services to build the resilience and socio-economic mobility of vulnerable groups . Transformation of economic and social policies will require an underpinning system of governance based on the rule of law which is responsive , accountable , just , and able to effectively perform core government functions , deliver services , and enable social cohesion . Strengthening policy development and ( increasingly digital ) service