wood supplier for thermal applications will be duly recognised and suitable incentives will be provided to enhance the expanse of rubber plantations . 3.6 Caring for the Environment Natural environment of the country will be preserved , and a meaningful contribution will be made to address climate change , by adopting appropriate low emission processes and mitigation measures employing the strategies : 3.6.1 Environmental impacts of energy facilities will be minimised and mitigated using counter balancing interventions such as carbon sequestration plantations . Existing hydropower catchments and land earmarked for future energy infrastructure too will be considered as potential land for such plantations . 3.6.2 Impacts to the environment in the context of climate change due to the construction and operation of energy sector facilities will be minimised . 3.6.3 Energy supply from cleaner sources and technologies will be encouraged to minimise harm to the local and global environment , while taking into consideration both the impacts on the national economy and the long-term environmental benefits . 3.6.4 Indigenous petroleum and nuclear energy resources will be developed to the optimum level with sufficient environmental safeguards , by encouraging market demand for such resources . 3.6.5 National level plans will be implemented to utilise by-products from power generation with a commercial value , such as fly ash and waste heat . 3.6.6 Nationally Determined Contributions ( NDCs ) to global emission reduction goals will be made to meet the national emission reduction obligations as agreed . 3.6.7 Social and environmental externalities in the local context pertaining to the energy sector will be studied and factored into decision making . 3.6.8 Opportunities available under carbon trading mechanisms will be exploited and a proper mechanism will be implemented to make use of the potential . 3.6.9 Waste to energy projects will be favourably considered owing to the positive contributions such projects make to dispose municipal solid waste , and any cost above the avoided cost of electricity will be paid by the government/local authorities directly to the developer so as not to burden energy utilities . 3.6.10 Necessary Health , Safety and Environmental ( HSE ) standards will be introduced and relevant regulations enforced , making it an offence for a person to operate any energy related infrastructure without complying with the prescribed HSE standards . 3.7 Enhancing the Share of Renewable Energy Energy supply from renewable energy resources in the country ’ s energy mix will be increased to reduce pressure on foreign exchange , as a means of engaging the local community in the energy industry , attain sustainability and to promote the use of environmentally friendly energy sources employing the strategies : 3.7.1 Long delays encountered in renewable energy development will be reduced through a centrally coordinated project approval process . 3.7.2 Renewable energy investments for electricity generation will be realised through a competitive scheme to reduce the costs and to facilitate wider investor participation . 3.7.3 Transmission infrastructure will be strengthened to improve the absorption of electricity generation from