File Name : LKA-CPD-2022-EN Year : 2022 Country Name : Sri Lanka Country Code : LKA Category : CPD Document Title : Country programme document for Sri Lanka ( 2023–2027 ) Exists ? : Y Publication Date : 29 August–1 September 2022 Start Year : 2023 End Year : 2027 Language : EN -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- # I. UNDP within the United Nations Sustainable Development Cooperation Framework 1 . Sri Lanka is experiencing one of the worst economic crises since independence in 1948 , with twin crises – depleted dollar reserves and excessive debt overhang . A build-up of debt sustainability and public finance issues over several decades were exacerbated by the Easter Sunday attacks in 2019 , which led to a dip in growth . The COVID-19 pandemic compounded these issues , with further loss of tourism revenue and the impact of lockdown measures . By April 2022 , the crisis was acute , with dollar reserves at record lows , affecting the purchase of essential commodities and leading to shortages of fuel , gas , food and medicine . Together with the devaluation of the rupee , this has pushed up the cost of living by at least 30 per cent to 40 per cent . Given the reduced tax base , low government revenue , and sparse foreign direct investment , the fiscal space remains constrained . Businesses have been heavily impacted , wages are insufficient to sustain a basic standard of living . The rising inflation rates signal that the number of poor households will likely increase from 11.9 per cent in 2019-2020.2 The social protection system does not provide adequate relief , resulting in new poor and vulnerable groups . 2 . Against this background , Sri Lanka faces challenges in protecting development gains . In 2021 , the global Sustainable Development Goals Index3ranked it 87th of 165 countries . Disparities and inequalities in poverty and vulnerability for specific groups –women , young people , the elderly , the disabled and minorities – have intensified . Sri Lanka ranks low on the Global Gender Gap Index , 2021 , of the World Economic Forum – at116th out of 156 countries and among the bottom 10 countries for political representation of women , with only 5.3 per cent in Parliament . Rights-based legislative and policy frameworks for disability inclusion remain largely unimplemented . 3 . The onset of the socio-political and socio-economic crisis in 2022 , and the rising trend in public protests , indicate a build-up of frustration in a context of weakened governance structures , perceived absence of accountability , and incoherent planning across multiple political cycles . The crisis and the public demand for reform that reintroduces independent oversight mechanisms , strengthens parliament , and removes the unrestrained power of the executive branch , have provoked the initiation of constitutional reform .