been taken to liberalize this industry , but it has failed to attract investors owing to certain obstacles . Immediate action will be taken to remove all such obstacles and to provide a level playing field to ensure participation of all leading palyers in the world , to make this one of the leading industries in Sri Lanka . This process of liberalization will be completed by end 2007 . Institutional responsibility to implement this lies with the Ministry of Petroleum and Petroleum Resources Development , Ministry of Finance and the Board of Investment of Sri Lanka . 4.9 Supply-side Energy Efficiency * Transmission and distribution energy losses ( the sum of technical and commercial losses ) in the electricity sub-sector will be gradually brought down to a maximum of 13.5 % net generation by end 2009 . Every effort will be made to expedite the loss reduction programme and exceed these expectations . * Present system control procedures towards optimal operation of the intergrated hydro-thermal power system will be improved by end 2007 to ensure maximum energy output from the hydropower system . * Informed rehabilitation/new investment decisions will be made in the national interest , to improve electricity production and transmission efficiency , guided by information gathered from continuous measurement of energy entering and leaving specific power system components . Institutional responsibility to implement this strategy and to achieve targets lies with the electricity utilities and the PUCSL . 4.10 Demand -side Energy Efficiency * All appliances which substantially contribute towards electricity demand will be identified and labelled based on their energy efficiency by end 2010 , allowing consumers to make informed purchase decisions , Labelling will be also used to lay more emphasis on appliance life cycle cost rather than the cost of acquisition , and thereby guiding fiscal policy especially in deciding import duty on appliances . * Continuous refinement of the labelling programme will be used to introduce efficient technologies and to gradually phase out the import and manufacture of inefficient appliances . The appliance labelling programme will be made mandatory to identified appliances by mid 2007 . * Delivery of energy efficiency services will be accelerated by further developing the capacity of private and public sector energy service providers . New entrants to provide energy efficiency services will be encouraged and supported by interventions such as provision of expensive instruments on loan basis and analytical information relevant to local circumstances . * Benchmarks on energy intensity of specific industries will be established by end 2007 . Specific benchmarks for energy consumption of commercial , transport and domestic sectors will be established by end 2008 . * The National Energy Database will be enhanced with further disaggregated and refined demand-side date by end 2007 . * A variety of financing mechanisms will be made available by end 2007 to finance energy efficiency improvement projects in all sectors including collateral substitution to concessionary loans , operated through utilities . Capacity of financial institutions will be developed