by crediting to the Sri Lanka Sustainable Energy Fund . 4.8 Strenthening Good Governance in the Energy Sector A stable policy environment will be established and regulatory frameworks will be further strengthened to assure good governance in the energy sector by achieving the following targets and milestones by the institutions to which responsibilities are assigned . 8a Ministry in charge of the function of petroleum resource development shall ensure that necessary legislation for upstream petroleum development are enacted by mid-2020 , including necessary legislation to establish an upstream petroleum development regulatory mechanism . 8b Establish a regulatory framework and empower an independent regulatory institution by enacting the necessary legislation to regulate downstream petroleum industry , by end-2020 . 8c Functional units of CEB to adopt independent financial reporting from financial year 2019 , in accordance with the Electricity Act 2009 . 8d Digitalisation of the electricity utility sector will be launched by 2020 , and completed through a phased approach by 2022 , covering the whole value chain from the optimal operation of core assets to managing customer relationships . 8e A data governance policy for ensuring the proper management of digital information of energy sector utilities will be introduced to ensure security , data quality and privacy by mid-2020 . 8f Reporting of energy sector transactions by key sector entities will be regularised by appointing a working group under the leadership of the SEA by end 2019 , and the Sri Lanka Energy Balance for each year will be published by the SEA within the first six months after the end of each calendar year , commencing with that of year 2019 . 8g All energy sector projects and investment opportunities will be identified and documented in self-standing project concept formats from 2020 by each agency for easy take-up by investors and development partners on a competitive basis . 8h Key Performance Indicators ( KPIs ) aligned with economic goals will be introduced for energy utilities by end-2019 , monitored and published by the respective Ministries from 2020 . 8i Establish clear guidelines to implement public-private partnership in developing energy infrastructure , by mid-2020 . 8j Study and report the potential benefits and pre-requisites , and an action plan to establish a wholesale market for electricity and to allow power wheeling in the transmission and distribution network , by end-2020 . 8k An application will be developed for mobile phone access by 2020 , to engage the end users to increase awareness on best energy options , record grievances , price trends and energy efficiency improvement by extending the online energy database already operated by the SEA 4.9 Securing Land for Future Energy Infrastructure Strategic locations to establish future energy infrastructure will be earmarked and secured in advance to ensure timely implementation of such facilities and to minimise adverse social impacts by achieving the following targets and milestones by the institutions to which responsibilities are assigned . 9a A strategic facilities layout map , identifying suitable sites to locate