enforced on a voluntary basis by mid-2020 and on mandatory basis by end 2021 by PUCSL , and quality test reports will be published . 2g Supply and service quality standards of energy services by the utilities will be determined and enforced on voluntary basis by end 2020 and on mandatory basis from end 2021 by PUCSL . 2h All new low voltage distribution networks will use all-insulated ABC with immediate effect . Low voltage overhead electricity distribution networks outside urban areas will be completely converted to all-insulated ABC by 2025 . Distribution networks in urban areas will be converted to an underground network by 2030 . 2i A technical audit covering the whole value chain of the utilities will be carried out . Specifications , status and standards of key equipment will be recorded , and a standardisation programme will be launched within 2020 by the CEB and the LECO . 2j Feasibility of extending and introducing new pipeline transport facilities for both liquid and gaseous fuels to serve dense clusters of industrial and residential users will be studied by 2021 . 2k Five pilot projects , covering the five distribution licensees will be launched by the CEB and the LECO within 2020 to identify smart grid and smart metering technologies which can deliver value to the country . 2l Smart meters and pre-paid meters shall be offered on-demand to any customer by mid-2020 . 2m At least 50 % of all standard services offered by the CEB and the LECO to be made optionally available through mobile and internet platforms too , including payments and tracking of progress , by mid-2020 so that customers are not required to visit utility offices to initiate such services . By end-2021 , all standard services to be offered optionally via mobile and internet . 4.3 Providing Energy Supply Services at the Optimum Cost to the National Economy To ensure that energy services are provided at the optimum long-term cost to lower the burden on the national economy , the following targets and milestones will have to be met by the institutions to which responsibilities are assigned ; 3a A transparent pricing methodology for electricity and fossil fuel products will be developed and implemented by mid-2020 by the CEB , the CPC and other sector players through a regulatory mechanism established by the PUCSL . 3b The life-line electricity tariff will be limited only to low-user household customers using less than 30kWh per month . A study will be conducted by MoPE in 2020 to decide other target groups of energy users that deserve special consideration , the subsidy amount and the source of funds . 3c A short-term and medium-term planning mechanism , and a continuous planning procedure will be established for the petroleum sector , including both liquid and gaseous fuels by end 2019 . First plan to be issued in 2020 . 4.4 Improving Energy Efficiency and Conservation Energy systems will be efficiently managed and operated while ensuring efficient