renewable sources . 3.7.4 Distribution infrastructure will be upgraded with smart grid technologies to facilitate renewable energy-based distributed generation . 3.7.5 Research will be conducted to overcome adverse impacts of renewable energy absorption to the power system from intermittent sources such as wind and solar energy . 3.7.6 Effective forecasting technologies for wind , solar and rainfall will be introduced so that optimum use of renewable resources could be realised . 3.7.7 Energy storage solutions will be encouraged for firming intermittent renewable sources , voltage and frequency regulation , local grid support , peak shaving and improving grid resilience . 3.7.8 Innovative financing schemes and financial instruments involving both public and private enterprises will be introduced to encourage renewable energy development . 3.8 Strengthening Good Governance in the Energy Sector Good governance in all aspects of the energy sector shall be the guiding principle , and good governance in the energy sector will be strengthened to realise accountability , fairness and transparency to achieve investor and consumer confidence . A stable policy environment and regulatory frameworks will be established and further strengthened to assure good governance in the energy sector , employing the strategies : 3.8.1 All sub sectors in the energy industry will be brought under respective regulatory framework . 3.8.2 Procurement of plant , equipment , crude oil and other fuels , as well as power purchase agreements and similar concessions , will be made through a streamlined competitive bidding scheme ensuring transparency , accountability and avoiding long term delays . 3.8.3 Capability of the energy sector professionals to meet challenges in the emerging competitive environment will be enhanced by facilitating exchange programmes between similar entities in foreign countries and cross posting within Sri Lankan sector entities . 3.8.4 Digitalisation of the energy sector entities using an enterprise resource planning platform will be taken as a priority , spanning the whole length of the value chain from smart meters , addressable appliances and smart grids that allows further adoption of new technologies such as artificial intelligence ( AI ) , internet of things ( IoT ) and distributed ledgers to drive efficiency , transparency and optimisation of asset utilisation . 3.8.5 A guideline on management of digital information to ensure security of digital information , covering the aspects of storing , use and management will be introduced . 3.8.6 Digitalisation of utility transactions will be used to secure and store data in cloud based central databases and the data , information and knowledge thus assimilated in the energy sector will be indexed , catalogued and securely stored for future use and will be treated as knowledge assets . 3.8.7 A conducive environment shall be created for independent decision making in a transparent and accountable manner , supported by the analyses performed using real time insights produced by digitalisation . 3.8.8 Energy sector transactions will be reported by relevant entities to the SEA on a fixed annual schedule , through a working group of officials from key sector institutions