utilisation and conservation of energy . The following targets and milestones will have to be met by the institutions to which responsibilities are assigned . 4a Specific energy use in end-user activities will be reduced by 10 % of 2015 level by 2023as part of the national energy efficiency improvement and conservation programme , saving 1,243GWh of grid electricity generation by 2023 . 4b Minimum energy performance standards for LEDs and energy labelling for airconditioners , personal computers , refrigerators , ceiling fans , linear fluorescent lamps/ballasts and induction motors will be enforced by mid-2020 . 4c Penetration of efficient , low smoke , low soot biomass cook stoves will be increased to 10 % of households by 2022 . Processed , commercialized biomassbased fuels used in such stoves will be made widely available across the retail market by creating an enabling environment . 4d ‘ Energy Manager ’ scheme will be implemented on a mandatory basis by end 2019to designated users and extended to the remaining institutional users by 2020 . 4e Reduced duty and taxation of efficient equipment supported by an accelerated depreciation scheme will be offered to building renovation and retrofitting industry to improve the energy efficiency of the existing building stock by 2020 . 4f A differential taxation scheme for commercial buildings will be introduced , based on a simplified energy utilisation index by end 2020 . A similar scheme to support the market for efficient technologies will be introduced by end-2020 , through a green procurement process led by the state sector . 4g Power generation facilities will be subjected to a thorough energy audit to evaluate generator efficiencies and efficiency of auxiliary systems , and a sector-wide efficiency improvement programme will be launched in 2020 . 4h A lighting standard for street lighting , to cater to rural , urban and major road illumination including other public space lighting requirements will be introduced and implemented on a mandatory basis within 2020 . 4i A pilot scale automated demand response project will be implemented by mid2021 , and the techno-economic viability of the intervention will be documented for scaling up as appropriate . 4j Overall system losses in the electricity grid will be reduced to 7.5 % of net generation by 2020 . 4k Reactive power management will be further intensified by introducing a scheme to discourage demand for reactive energy by end users through an appropriate volume-based fee . 4l Modal share of mass transport will be enhanced by a margin of 10 % compared to the 2016 share by 2023 by adopting avoid , shift and improve strategies and intelligent multimodal transport management solutions for major cities in the country , by Ministry of Transport and Civil Aviation . 4m At least 30 % of all government institutional head offices and regional head offices to have teleconferencing facilities to hold tele-meetings by 2021 . All main government offices must have teleconferencing facilities by 2020 . The participation of officers , who require more