of the Ministry in charge of the subject of electricity shall be responsible to appoint and convene this panel . 1e An inventory of indigenous energy resources , both renewable and nonrenewable , will be developed and published by SEA and PRDS by end-2020.Air borne gravity/magnetic data will be acquired and processed by end 2019 and 2D/ 3D seismic data in selected locations in Mannar and Cauvery Basins will be completed by 2022 . 4.2 Providing Access to Energy Services To ensure access to reliable , convenient , affordable , equitable and quality energy services to all citizens to enhance their living standards and to engage in gainful economic activities , the following targets and milestones will be met by institutions to which responsibilities are assigned ; 2a To encourage prospective small and medium scale industries and businesses , the initial cost of obtaining an electricity connection , which may be considerable at present compared with the capital cost of the business , will be reduced by offering a special concessionary package under which the entire cost of the transformer for contract demands up to 100kVA will be waived-off and be socialised through distribution tariffs . This should be fully implemented from January-2021by CEB/ LECO , accompanied with an appropriate campaign giving wide publicity through media . 2b The initial cost in providing a new connection to recover infrastructure cost by electricity distribution utilities will be completely phased out by end-2022 , to all categories of customers.Such costs will be socialised through distribution tariffs , aiming at improving the country ’ s rank below 50 , in ‘ ease of doing business ’ index . 2c Optional ‘ same day ’ service connections to households and other retail customers to be provided on the payment of a premium fee for any prospective customer by mid-2020.Similarly , a portfolio of other cost recovery services shall be offered at a premium for customers who are in need for expeditious service delivery . Timeline for regular service will be subject to codes on commercial quality specified by PUCSL . 2d Commercial supply of biomass and biomass-based fuel products will be doubled to reach one million tonne per year for using industrial thermal applications and households through the establishment of 20,000 hectares of biomass plantations within the period 2020-2023as an initiative of SEA.Government land , soft financing and other fiscal incentives will be offered to businesses that provide fuel wood including dedicated energy plantations and other commercial plantations . 2e To encourage improved , convenient , commercial biomass fuel products and conversion technologies for household use , SEA shall ensure that fiscal incentives are provided to entrepreneurs who are engaged in the manufacture and distribution of equipment using such technologies ( e.g . improved cook stoves and minigasifiers ) by end-2020 . SEA shall ensure a minimum 5 % penetration of improved stoves using commercialised biomass fuels by 2021 . 2f Supply quality standards of fuels supplied by petroleum utilities will be determined and