section deals with specific targets and milestones to be achieved when implementing the energy sector strategies identified . Further , the institutions responsible for implementation of these strategies are also identified in this section against each activity . 4.1 Electrification of Households Electricity will be made available to all feasible areas by extending the national grid and focussed rural energy initiatives using off-grid technologies . Capital subsidies available for grid-connected households will be extended to households seeking off-grid electricity , through the Provincial Authorities . Institutional responsibility : Ministry of Power and Energy shall prepare a long-term electrificaiton plan , updated every year . PUCSL would be responsibe for its implementation , with the support of the electricity utilities , ECF , Provincial Councils and other stakeholders . 4.3 Fuel Diversity and Security * The electricity sub-sector shall rapidly move from the present two-energy resource ( hydropower and oil ) status to a multiple resource status . * The Government shall not initiate or entertain any proposal either by the electricity utilities or private developers to build power plants that wil use oil , oil-based products or fuels of which the price is indexed to the oil price , unless they are required to be included in the generation expansion plan due to technical limitations in other plant types . This moratorium on oil-based power plants shall be factored into the Long Term Generation Expansion Plan ( LTGEP ) and shall remain in force until 80 % of Sri Lanka ’ s electrical energy supplied to the national grid is from non-oil based fuels . The strategy of the Government shall be immediately diversify into a third fuel . To ensure maximum possible security against price and supply fluctuations , and to ensure the growing demand is reliably met , this third fuel shall be coal . The LTGEP studies confirm the viability of this strategy . Non-conventional Renewable Energy ( NRE ) shall be the fourth resource in this deversification and security strategy . Following are the electricity generation targets envisaged with NRE and coal resources . * Every player in the petroleum sub-sector downstream retail business shall maintain a strategic fuel reserve equivalent to a minimumof 30 days ’ consumption at any given time . Every effort will be made to replace petroleum-based fuesl with indegenous biomass fueld in industrial thermal applications by encouraging such fuel switching initiatives through appropriate incentive , including facilitation of access to green funding such as CDM . Institutional responsibility to implement this fuel diversity and security policy , and to achieve targets will lie with the PUCSL , electricity utilities and petroleum sub-sector downstream players . The Long-Term Generation Expansion Plan ( LTGEP ) shall reflect the above strategy and milestones . LTGEP shall be a 20-year plan , updated at least once in two years . 4.4 Non-conventional Renewable Energy ( NRE ) Based Electricity in the Grid * NRE Resources include small-scale hydropower , biomass including dendro power , biogas