all citizens to enhance their living standards and to engage in gainful economic activities , by employing the strategies : 3.2.1 Access to electricity using either on-grid or off-grid sources and to modern petroleum products will be ensured to all citizens in the country . 3.2.2 Small and medium enterprises will be supported by socialising part of initial electricity service connection costs via tariffs . 3.2.3 Households which remain unconnected to national grid due to un-affordability , even after gaining access , will be connected using innovative financing schemes . 3.2.4 New productive uses for electricity in agriculture , rural and primary industries will be encouraged with emphasis on empowerment of women and youth . 3.2.5 The supply quality of energy services by electricity , gas and oil utilities will be improved through adoption of appropriate technical and commercial quality standards . 3.2.6 Minimum service quality standards will be introduced for common utility services . Additionally , premium services will be offered to customers who are willing to pay for such higher service quality levels . 3.2.7 Equipment used in the energy supply chain will be standardised to ensure compatibility , ease of integration and safety of energy supply . 3.2.8 Considering the superior reliability , increased safety and lower interference with tree cover , electricity distribution networks will be gradually placed underground in urban areas and converted to insulated aerial bundled conductors ( ABC ) in other areas . 3.2.9 Pipeline transport and vehicle-based transport will be promoted in downstream gas and oil supply sector to improve access by industries and households to feed appropriate distribution networks at the user end . 3.2.10 Smart grid technologies will be introduced , and smart metering will be deployed for enhanced customer experience , and to automate power system management , reducing manual intervention where such interventions are uneconomical . 3.2.11 Mobile and internet-based services will be introduced to enhance customer convenience . 3.3 Providing Energy Services at the Otimum Cost to the National Economy Energy Service will be provided at the optimum long-term cost , to lower the burden on the national economy and to achieve competitiveness of locally produced goods and services in international markets by employing the strategies 3.3.1 Power plants identified in the Long-Term Generation Expansion Plan will be implemented as scheduled . 3.3.2 Receiving , processing , storage , transport and distribution capacity requirements of the petroleum sector will be identified in long term planning and will be developed in time to ensure adequate supply of petroleum products . 3.3.3 Rational energy pricing strategies , based on the principles of cost reflectivity across the energy value chain will be adopted through existing and new regulatory mechanisms , to ensure financial health of sector utilities and to discourage wasteful energy use . 3.3.4 The government will identify and provide transparently funded subsidies to target groups of energy users in household , industrial and commercial sectors , that deserve special consideration owing to their economic standing and contribution to