than one hour of travel time to participate at meetings must be discouraged from attending physically and be connected via teleconferencing facilities established at all ministries from end 2019 . 4n All routine services offered at government agencies that do not require physical presence must be made available via internet or mobile phone to minimize transport energy use from 2020 . 4o A performance-based energy efficiency building code for commercial buildings will be made mandatory by end 2019and a voluntary scheme for domestic sector will be introduced by end 2019 . 4p Incorporation of building management systems with a focus on energy management and future opportunities in smart grid driven automated demand response will be made a mandatory planning criterion for all commercial developments by 2020by the UDA . 4.5 Enhancing Self Reliance Indigenous energy resources will be developed to the optimum levels to minimise dependence on imported resources and to attain a higher degree of resilience in the energy sector . The following targets and milestones will have to be met by the institutions to which responsibilities are assigned . 5a Feasibility studies on the use of natural gas/renewable energy-based hydrogen and GTL in transport and other sectors will be carried out by 2022 . 5b Renewable energy resources will be exploited based on a priority order arrived at , considering economics , technology and quality of resource . Wind is identified as the second most promising renewable energy resource after hydropower and highest priority is given to develop wind to realize a minimum 20 % share of electricity generated from renewable energy sources excluding major hydro , by 2022by the SEA in association with relevant public and private sector players . 5c At least 10,000 hectare of unproductive land will be prescribed as biomass energy development areas , and leased to developers by the SEA starting from 2020 over a period of 5 years to develop as commercial timber cum fuel wood plantations . 5d Biomass supply chains in five regions will be supported through improved collection of biomass residue , mixed cropping and certification of sustainable extraction for a three-year duration until they reach commercialisation through a pilot project by 2020 by the SEA . 5e The most widely used suburban rail corridors between Colombo and the Airport , Avissawella , Negombo , Panadura and Veyangodawill be upgraded and electrified by mid-2023 , and other viable railways in provincial city suburbs will be upgraded and electrified by 2025 . 5f At least 20 % of all new light vehicle registrations shall be electric vehicles in 2022 . At least 25 new public electric vehicle charging stations with DC rapid charging capability will be established at strategic locations by the CEB/LECO by 2020 . SEA will encourage the private sector to set up their own charging stations to complement the CEB/LECO efforts , by securing fiscal incentives to the industry . 4.6 Caring for the Environment A meaningful contribution to climate change will be made by maintaining the