future energy infrastructure such as coal , natural gas and nuclear plants , refineries and terminals will be prepared by 2020 in consultation with the National Physical Planning Department by a joint committee appointed for the purpose . 9b A master plan identifying the best sites to locate large scale renewable infrastructure such as wind and solar farms would be formulated and published by end 2019with a development time horizon 2020-2025 . 9c Petroleum , gas pipe transport and backbone electricity transmission line corridors that are to be developed during 2020 - 2030 will be identified and published as a map by a joint committee by 2020 . 9d Based on already available GIS elements , a national GIS database depicting existing and future underground utility infrastructure including electrical , water , communication and petroleum will be established by 2020 by the CEB . 9e An inter-agency utility corridor coordination authority to resolve conflicts will be established by2020 . 4.10 Providing Opportunities for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Considering the vastness of the sector , opportunities available for research and development , and local value addition in the energy sector which can improve sector productivity will be actively pursued to engage the Sri Lankan innovators and entrepreneurs . 10a A 25 % local preference will be granted to Sri Lankan enterprises and joint ventures led by such enterprises to encourage such enterprises to engage in energy sector infrastructure development , from2019 . 10b A coordinated research and development network involving all research and development organisations will be established by the SEA , assembling both industry and academia in a grand alliance by mid-2020 , and ten pilot projects on home grown renewable energy conversion technologies and ten energy efficiency improvement technologies will be introduced by the SEA by mid-2021 , protecting intellectual properties amassed until commercialisation . 10c Smart grid pilot projects will be deployed in five identified locations to demonstrate the possibilities of better management of generation , transmission and distribution assets , to allow new and present customers to use electricity in the most efficient manner and to allow large scale/deep penetrated deployment of dispersed renewable energy generators using advanced ICT in measurement , control and management of electrical grids by end 2020 bythe CEB/LECO . 10d An automated demand response pilot project will be implemented , and impacts documented to allow economic evaluation of the same as a future generation option by end 2021 , by the CEB/LECO . 10e Digitised data accumulated from the advent of digital technologies in utility operations will be retained , processed and used as a knowledge asset . 10f Indigenous knowledge and capacities required for energy sector development will be nurtured by introducing a contribution-based reward scheme to encourage individual efforts by sector professionals and pooling of knowledge resources across the energy sector by 2020 .