business processes to improve efficiency and cost effectiveness , including a staffing structure with appropriate capacities , in line with the new enterprise resource platforms and global clustering initiatives . 27 . UNDP will proactively engage with the United Nations Country Team to evaluate and address emerging issues , anticipating changes in development and financial circumstances that may require programme and budgetary adjustments . As seen during the COVID-19 pandemic , UNDP has a track record of building flexibility and gender-responsiveness into programme design and implementation , leveraging digital solutions and developing new ways of working . The dynamism of the Sri Lanka development context will require continued agility to respond to changes . UNDP will monitor the underlying assumptions/risks of the programme and ensure readiness for necessary adjustments . 28 . The envisioned portfolio management approach will enhance integration , creating an effective policy-practice nexus with field-work feedback loops ; promote effective collaboration between teams , including between programme and operations ; and ensure the best use of available resources . UNDP will apply the revised social and environmental standards to enhance programme quality , and the enterprise risk management policy to conduct regular quality assurance and risk assessments throughout the programme cycle . UNDP will ensure that at least 15 per cent of programme expenditures are dedicated to initiatives where gender equality is a principal objective ( ‘ GEN 3 ’ ) . 29 . This country programme document outlines UNDP contributions to national results and serves as the primary unit of accountability to the Executive Board for results alignment and resources assigned to the programme at the country level . Accountabilities of managers at the country , regional and headquarters levels with respect to country programmes are prescribed in the Programme and Operations Policies and Procedures and the Internal Control Framework . 30 . The programme will be nationally executed . If necessary , national execution may be replaced by direct execution for part or all of the programme in response to force majeure . The Harmonized Approach to Cash Transfers will be used in a coordinated fashion with other United Nations entities to manage financial risks . Cost definitions and classifications for programme and development effectiveness will be charged to the concerned projects . # IV . Monitoring and evaluation 31 . The results and resources framework will serve as the main accountability framework , with programme outcome and output indicators and requisite targets . As recommended by the programme evaluation , UNDP will embed a robust evidence-based monitoring and evaluation system in the programme and its projects , combining qualitative and quantitative data , and will solicit citizen and beneficiary feedback to validate impact . 32 . UNDP will work with the Ministry of Finance ( Departments of External Resources and National Planning ) and other government institutions to ensure the involvement of national counterparts and beneficiaries in planning , monitoring and evaluation processes . 33 . To facilitate data collection and analysis for monitoring