by the utilities are allowed in the cost-recovering process . 2.6 Enhancing Energy Sector Management Capacity * All measures will be taken to continually enhance the local capacity to develop and manage the energy sector effectively , giving due emphasis to the technological developments and goods governance in the energy sector . The local capacity to develop and manage the energy sector has been built over the years . This capacity needs to be constantly enhanced , taking into account the continuous technological developments in the energy sector . The management capability of the energy sector professionals needs to be enhanced to meet challenges in the emerging competitive environment in the sector and to ensure good governance . 2.7 Consumer Protection and Ensuring a Level Playing Field * Necessary measures will be taken to safeguard interests of both present and future consumers while ensuring a level playing field for all the stakeholders in the energy sector . The state accepts that both present and further consumers and the main stakeholders do not presently enjoy their rightful place in the electricity/petroleum sub-sectors . Also , the country has so far failed to prove to investors the stability of the energy sector and also exhibit a level playing field . Therefore , necessary steps will be taken to protect the interests of the consumers , and to ensure fairness and predictability to all energy sector investors . 2.8 Enhancing the Quality of Energy Services * the quality of energy services will be ensured through imposition of appropriate quality standards and regulatory interventions . Poor quality of energy services affects the country ’ s economic growth and the general standard of living of the public . Corrective action will be taken to make improvements in this regard , focusing on the consumer interests . 2.9 Protection from Adverse Environmental Impacts of Energy Facilities * Necessary steps will be taken to minimum adverse environmental and social impacts caused by electricity and petroleum sub-sector development and operational activities . Adverse impacts on society and the environment arising out of the electricity and petroleum sub-sector activities have not been receiving adequate attention . The state recognises that it is the prime duty of the state to protect the public and employees in this respect . All developments and operations of energy sector facilities shall follow the relevant environmental regulations and standards of Sri Lanka . # 3 IMPLEMENTING STRATEGIES The broad strategies to implement the energy sector policies are as follows : 3.1 Providing Basic Energy Needs * Priority will be given to improving access by rural areas to commercial energy forms such as electricity and petroleum-based fuels . * Current modalities of providing basic electricity requirements of the entire population either through gridextension or off-grid systems will be expanded and a systematic action-plan will be implemented to meet those requirements . * Dedicated energy plantations will be encouraged . * A transparent mechanism will be established to provide subsidies to the deserving groups to ensure