be a key consideration in deciding applicable taxes on vehicles to encourage a higher efficiency vehicle fleet . 3.5 Enhancing Self Reliance Indigenous energy resources will be developed to optimum levels to minimise dependence on imported resources , subject to resolving technical , economic , environmental and social constraints , with the objective of minimising the vulnerability of energy supplies to external situations and to attain a higher degree of resilience in the energy sector , employing the strategies : 3.5.1 Oil and natural gas resources of the country will be explored . Commercial scale exploitation will be strategically phased , giving due consideration to higher future value and possible use in the future as a locally available fuel source to derive cleaner futuristic energy sources such as hydrogen . 3.5.2 Indigenous mineral resources such as Thorianite and other similar nuclear fuels with commercial resource potential will be explored , assessed and kept ready for development at the appropriate time when conversion technologies are available . 3.5.3 Renewable energy resources will be exploited based on a priority order arrived at , considering economics , technology and quality of each resource . 3.5.4 Availability of biomass will be enhanced by establishing dedicated energy plantations or plantations with residue as a potential fuel , in prescribed biomass energy development areas . Commercial availability of biomass and biomass-based fuel products will be encouraged for utilisation in industrial thermal applications and household use . Processed biomass as a fuel source will be facilitated through efficient collection of existing resources , processing , value addition , storage and distribution , and nurturing biomass supply chains . 3.5.5 Improved biomass conversion devices such as cook stoves that are free from the general inconvenience associated with traditional biomass-based cooking and offer an experience similar to commercial fuel-based cooking devices , will be introduced and promoted for household use . This strategy will help to retain the share of biomass as a fuel used for cooking applications and to discourage migration to petroleum fuels owing to convenience . 3.5.6 Gradual diversification of transport energy in both rail and road transport from present oil dominance to electricity will be encouraged to increase overall conversion efficiency and to relieve the dependence on liquid petroleum fuels as the sole transport fuel . Further , appropriate time of use tariffs will be offered to attract additional demand from electric vehicle charging to periods of lower demand , and additional demand so added will be strategically used to enhance the integration of indigenous sources such as solar and wind . 3.5.7 A sizable fund will be channelled to the Sri Lanka Sustainable Energy Fund operated by the SEA by evoking provisions in the SEA Act for charging a cess on fossil fuel imports and a resource royalty from renewable resources.Purposes of Sri Lanka Sustainable Energy Fund will be broadened to meet the requirements of sustainable energy , electricity and petroleum sectors . 3.5.8 Contribution of the rubber plantation industry as the major fuel