to enhance and expand their contribution to off-grid electricity supply development . * The national energy database will be expanded , improved and managed * The management capability of the energy sector institutions will be enhanced through appropriate training , empowerment and proper delegation of authority . 3.7 Consumer protection and Ensuring a Level Playing Field * PUCSL will be fully empowered and supported to ensure fairness to the consumers of various energy products and services . * A conducive environment will be created for the PUCSL to ensure a level playing field for all the stake holders in the energy sector . 3.8 Enhancing the Quality of Supply * The energy sector utilities will be compelled by PUCSL to maintain a minimum quality of supply of products and services . * Enhanced quality will be encouraged by permitting reasonable increases in allowed returns to the utility concerned . 3.9 Protection from Adverse Environmental Impacts of Energy Facilities * Energy sector utilities will be compelled to comply with safety standards issued by PUCSL as well as environmental standards stipulated by the state . * A scheme of compensation to victims of accidents and hazards attributed to energy sector utilities will be established with the participation of all stakeholders . * Every energy sector utility will establish an environmental division with staff qualified to conduct environmental safety audits of existing and new facilities to comply with the standards and regulations under the National Environment Act . 3.10 General Strategies * The energy sector will be reformed and restructured to enable both state and private sector investments in its development . While the sector ’ s policy-making and regulation will remain in the state sector , its operation and management will be open to both the state and the private sectors . * The electricity sub-sector will be reformed by unbundling the CEB in accordance with the Electricity Reform ( Amendment ) Act and Ceylon Electricity Board ( Amendment ) Act . All assistance will be provided to the PUCSL to establish itself as an independent and autonomous regulatory body . * Necessary measures will be taken to establish appropriate market structures within electricity and petroleum sub-sectors by attracting investments from public and private sectors . * Necessary legislation for restructuring the petroleum sub-sector will be enacted and PUCSL will be empowered to carry out regulation of that sub-sector . * Measures will be taken to obtain maximum benefits from international arrangements such as the Clean Development Mechanism , which would benefit the global environment and in the process facilitate the financing of energy efficiency improvement as well as renewable energy development projects in the country . * PUCSL will be empowered to formulate project selection principles for energy sector supply side investments . * A central agency will be empowered to ensure that the prescribed policy measures are implemented in respect of energy efficiency and non-conventional renewable energy development . # 4 . SPECIFIC TARGETS , MILESTONES AND INSTITUTIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES This