forms of energy beyond petroleum products through policy interventions would be required to effectively manage energy use in transport , the largest consuming sector of commercial energy . The relatively high share of renewable energy ( RE ) in the country ’ s primary energy portfolio is bound to progressively reduce because the major portion of hydropower potential has already been tapped . With the shifting of household energy use toward fossil fuels , the growing demand for all forms of energy is increasingly being met with fossil fuels . Water resources serve multiple needs , power generation being the third priority after drinking water and agricultural demand , further complicating issues related to projects such as the Mahaweli Stage II development . A paradigm shift of policy is envisaged to defend and improve the share of renewables in the primary energy supply from the level maintained at 55 % during the last decade . The National Energy Policy and Strategies present how Sri Lanka plans to meet the challenge of developing and managing the energy sector to ensure delivery of reliable , cost-effective , and competitively priced energy services from diverse sources to fuel the social market economy . Sri Lanka weathered many energy crises over the last few decades due to resilience garnered from many deep roots . These roots can be identified as the impressive use of biomass resources , year-round sunshine and higher rainfall , combined with frugal lifestyle of her people and the small geographical expanse of the country . Having nourished the national economy from these deep roots , Sri Lanka was first in the region to bare fruits , in terms of extending the coverage of the national electricity supply to serve the whole country with an uninterrupted supply . The reliability of energy systems has attracted services sector to the country , leveraging more economic benefits to the country with the least possible input of energy . This has caused a structural change in the economy towards services , in sharp contrast to other developing economies experiencing steep growth in the energy intensity of economy . Reliability and affordability of both indigenous and global energy supplies will be the most desirable ingredient in this economy in transition . The country is looking into a future where strong emphasis will be on developing the increasingly competitive newly assessed resources for electricity generation such as wind and solar . Biomass , probably the most important energy resource , will play an even more valuable role by making a transformation to a convenient fuel for household use and a dependable resource for industrial thermal energy supply . Sri Lanka desires to be elevated to an ‘ energy empowered ’ nation by developing strategies and conversion technologies to use the vast indigenous resources . Whilst continuous efforts will be made to strengthen the petroleum sector from upstream resource development to downstream diversification , initiatives will be made to elevate the status of electricity as a major