national economic development priorities . 3.4 Improving Energy Efficiency and Conservation Energy systems will be effectively managed to ensure efficient use and conservation of energy . Efficient use of energy by all concerned , from utilities to final customers will be pursued employing the strategies : 3.4.1 The national energy efficiency improvement and conservation programme will be further strengthened engaging all stakeholders in household , industrial and commercial sectors . 3.4.2 Energy efficiency improvement and conservation will be promoted through minimum energy performance standards and labelling of appliances , and by introducing green procurement processes in state and private sector organisations . 3.4.3 A home productivity improvement programme , with energy efficiency and conservation as the central theme will be launched to empower women . 3.4.4 Taxation and other incentives and disincentives to support the market for efficient technologies will be introduced . 3.4.5 Expert energy advisory services will be offered through state and private sector service providers to promote energy efficiency , conservation and energy cost reduction across all end use sectors . 3.4.6 Water resources will be recognized as a valuable indigenous energy resource.Efficient use of water by competing users at places where there is a high opportunity cost to water will be enhanced . 3.4.7 Conversion efficiency of power generation facilities will be enhanced . 3.4.8 A strategic plan for street lighting will be formulated to ensure proper management of street lighting that will enhance the safety of road users , and to contribute to energy conservation with a better aesthetic sense . 3.4.9 Automated demand response technologies will be considered as a main demand-side management strategy . 3.4.10 Losses in energy delivery networks will be reduced to optimum levels . 3.4.11 Losses incurred in petroleum refining will be reduced by continuous technology infusion with new investments . 3.4.12 Transport fuel use in petroleum distribution will be reduced by utilising regional storage facilities connected with the rail-based supply network . 3.4.13 Virtual offices and video/teleconferencing will be promoted by making necessary changes to organisational working culture as a strategy to minimize physical movement . 3.4.14 Transport energy use will be reduced by undertaking ‘ avoid , shift and improve ’ strategies with a strong focus on high quality public transport and intelligent traffic management solutions . 3.4.15 Economic activities will be developed in dense clusters to benefit from lower logistic costs and improved synergies in special zones identified as smart cities , served by smart grids . 3.4.16 Sustainable neighbourhoods will be used as a key design element in urban development with the objective of reducing energy demand . 3.4.17 Energy efficiency will be a primary concern in retrofits , and new building designs will be evaluated for their energy performance on a mandatory basis . 3.4.18 Smart technologies , including smart buildings and complete conversion to smart metering will be ensured to convey price signals to customers , altering the demand profile to reduce the overall cost of supply . 3.4.19 Fuel efficiency of vehicles would