energy carrier . Energy transition in the transport sector , from liquid petroleum dominance to other energy carriers will be actively pursued . Electricity will take the pride of place in the quest for discovering new energy carriers , drawing resources from increasing amounts of indigenous resources , whilst securing supply routes for global resources . Whilst securing land resources for important energy infrastructure elements such as gas terminals , electricity generation sites and transmission corridors , energy storage will be taken as a prime carrier to transcend the space and time boundaries which constrained the traditional energy systems . Aligning Sri Lanka with Goal 7 of the Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ) of the UN , this policy would contribute to achieve universal access to affordable , reliable , sustainable and modern energy for all by 2020 , a decade ahead of theUN target . The policy will also contribute to reduce the dependence of Sri Lanka on fossil fuels to below 50 % of the primary energy supply and to reduce the specific energy use across all end-uses by 20 % of 2015 level , by 2030 . This policy will pave the way to realise the vision of Sri Lanka in achieving carbon neutrality and complete transition of all the energy value chains by 2050 . The policy provides the necessary space for establishing key manufacturing industries supplying sustainable energy technologies to the local market and forge alliances with other developing countries through South-South cooperation by developing knowledge products and sustainable energy technologies in line with Goal 7 of the SDGs . This policy document has three sections : TheNational Energy Policy , stating the ten pillars of the policy framework Implementing Strategies , describing the specific strategies to implement the policy The Results Delivery Framework , elaborating the specific actions , milestones and the institutions responsible This policy supersedes all previous policies , strategies , plans and guidelines published from time to time . This national energy policy and implementing strategies will be in effect until it is reviewed in consideration of any major changes in the external environment . Such policy reviews will be conducted at least once in six years . The Results Delivery Framework , ( separately published ) aligned with the policy and strategies will be revised in two-year intervals . # 2 The National Energy Policy The primary objective of the energy policy is to ensure energy security through supplies that are cleaner , secure , economical and reliable , to provide convenient , affordable energy services to support socially equitable development of Sri Lanka . Policy guidelines such as , the ‘ General Policy Guidelines on the Electricity Industry ’ as required under Sri Lanka Electricity Act No . 20 of 2009 statutorily required to be issued for each sub sector , are expected to be prepared and issued , based on this national energy policy . Working through the conflicting demands from the security , equity and sustainability