Organization , UNDP will address impacts on food security , water security and agricultural production . This will include a lifecycle approach and horizontal expansion of social protection schemes , linking them to ‘ cash+ ’ approaches that generate livelihoods and assets . 15 . To minimize negative impacts on human development , macroeconomic policies must be designed to strengthen resilience to shocks and prevent the erosion of development gains achieved . UNDP will support the design of policy options for inclusive economic recovery , enabling public and private financing for the goals , including nature-positive financing , climate/Goals budgeting , and innovative financing options such as debt-for-nature swaps , green/blue bonds , and market intelligence on Sustainable Development Goals investment opportunities . For more diverse economic opportunities for women and youth , UNDP will leverage the Citra Social Innovation Lab to support digital transformation and create an enabling business environment for entrepreneurship with national and subnational institutions and the private sector . Green development ( outcome 2 ) 16 . Climate change adaptation and disaster risk reduction will be integrated into development plans in line with Nationally Determined Contributions , with the priority of addressing losses and damage at national and local levels while ensuring translation into budgets and actions . Building on the long-lasting partnership with the Government , development and funding partners , and the private sector , the focus will be on strengthening the resilience of vulnerable communities , particularly in the dry and intermediate zones , and supporting women and youthled enterprises , especially in the tourism value chain . 17 . UNDP will leverage its thought-leadership and provision of integrated solutions in climate , nature and energy towards green development through support to implementation of Nationally Determined Contributions , including gender standards , the National Climate Policy , and development of a ‘ 2050 Carbon Neutrality Roadmap ’ . Green principles will be integrated into the economic recovery process through a unified multisectoral partner platform for green development , under the leadership of the ministries of environment , finance , energy and economy – together with relevant United Nations entities ; development partners , including the Global Environment Facility and the Green Climate Fund ; the private sector ; and civil society organizations . In response to the energy crisis , UNDP will facilitate a consultative process , based on innovation and research , to enhance energy resilience and self-sufficiency . UNDP-led integrated programmes in chemical and health-care waste management , sustainable tourism and agriculture , renewable energy , greening of the transport sector , and the phase-out of ozonedepleting substances will support the green transition . Inclusive governance , justice , peace and social cohesion ( outcomes 3 and 4 ) 18 . This priority area will be implemented through the UNDP flagship portfolio on Goal 16 to address inequitable service delivery and capacity gaps ; strengthen the efficacy and digitallydriven efficiency of key institutions to deliver people-centred services with a gender lens