that such groups have access to their basic energy needs at affordable prices . This includes providing low cost standardised electricity connections to consumers on lifeline tariffs both in urban and rural areas . It also includes improving the availability of petroleum-based fuels in rural areas at standard retail prices , while providing kerosene subsidies to deserving low-income groups in both urban and rural areas . 3.2 Ensuring Energy Security * Fuel diversity in electricity generation will be ensured through diversifying into generation technologies that do not use oil or fuels of which the price is indexed to oil prices . * Fuel diversification in the transport sector will be encouraged through rail and road transport systems based on off-peak electricity supply , and the promotion of bio-fuels as a high priority research and development need . * Regional cooperation will be promoted in different forms including viable cross-border energy transfer with neighboring countries . * Expansion of the local crude oil refining capacity to optimally satisfy the country ’ s demand for petroleum products will be pursued . * Maintenance of a strategic fuel reserve by every player in the retail business will be ensured . * Development of bio-fuels for transport will be encouraged . 3.3 Promoting Energy Efficiency and Conservation * Supply side and end-use energy efficiency will be encouraged through financial and other incentives/ disincentives in respect of energy end-use mandatory measures such as appliance energy labelling , building codes and energy audits . * Private sector participation in providind expert services on energy efficiency will be promoted and facilitated . * Financial resources required to continuously improve efficiency in energy conversion , transmission and utilisation will be acquired from within and outside the energy sector by levying appropriate energy charges and formulating long term funding programmes with financiers . * The Energy Conservation Fund ( ECF ) will be entrunsted to coordinate all the activities relating to energy conservation and management , and the Energy Conservation Fund Act will be amended to accommodate these new responsibilities . * The use of existing petroleum distribution infrastructure will be optimised . * Power generation and network losses will be brought down to lowest possible levels and capacity will be improved through necessary generation , transmission and distribution investments and efficient management of the supply systems . * Efforts will be made to encourage electrification of viable sectors of the railway network and inter-modal shift in passenger and goods transport towards more energy efficient systems . * A model shift towards larger-capacity vehicular transport modes , which are less energy intensive per passenger kilometre or freight-tonne kilometre , will be promoted . Railway transportation will receive priority over road transportation . * Better coordination of road and rail transport will be promoted as a key implementation strategy of achieving greater efficiency of the transport sector . * A strategic plan for street lighting will be formulated for the country to ensure proper management of street lighting which will