low carbon intensity of Sri Lankan energy sector . Adverse environmental and social impacts of energy services will be minimized to care for the global and local environment by achieving the following targets and milestones by the institutions to which responsibilities are assigned ; 6a The CEB is to reduce incremental carbon footprint of electricity due to future coal power plant additions by reducing GHG emission levels using carbon sequestration plantations . A feasibility study will be done by the CEB in 2020 , outlining possible sequestration plantation options , land availability and financial analysis . 6b Stack emissions of energy sector facilities will be constantly monitored and reported in the public domain by 2020 , to manage and reduce emission burden from the energy sector . 6c A closed loop storage and distribution system will be established gradually by the CPC starting from 2020 for lighter fuels with high potential for vaporisation . 6d HSE standards for all energy sector utilities will be introduced by 2020 and fully implemented by 2022 . 4.7 Enhancing the Share of Renewable Energy Renewable energy resources in the country ’ s energy mix will be increased , meeting the targets and milestones ; 7a An advisory committee comprising ministry officials in-charge of different line agencies/custodians of land resources will be appointed to coordinate the approval of renewable energy projects and acquisition of land resources for such projects by end 2019 . 7b After careful analysis of the network constraints , dispatch options and resource characteristics , a comprehensive renewable energy grid integration plan will be published by the CEB from 2020 and periodically updated . 7c A fully-fledged competitive bidding scheme for renewable energyinvestments will be implemented through a resource development programme to realise a pipeline of ‘ ready to invest ’ projects by mid-2020 by the SEA , realising 20 % of generation witha cumulative renewable energy generation capacity of 1,600 MW by 2023 . 7d Applications received by the SEA when feed-in tariffs were on offer , but held up due to the termination to feed in tariffs , which are at various stages of the approval process will be channeled to a competitive bidding model by using suitable interim approaches such as offering project proponents preferential treatments when they were opened up for competition considering the maturity of a project , investments made , etc . A list of such alternate options will be jointly developed by the CEB and the SEAby mid 2020for different technologies , considering their inherent attributes so that all such projects in abeyance could be expeditiously developed within a competitive bidding framework by end 2023 . 7e Advanced forecasting systems for hydro , solar and wind energy will be established by the CEB along with other relevant line agencies by end-2020 . 7f A premium green tariff/green energy certification package will be offered to all interested electricity customer segments as an optional tariff and a portion of incremental proceeds will be used for renewable energydevelopment