and waste , solar power and wind power . These are the leading sustainable , non-conventional forms of renewable energy promoted in Sri Lanka for electricity generation into the grid . In addition , other NRE resources such as wave energy and ocean thermal energy are also encouraged where appropriate . * Commercial development of biomass will be encouraged and facilitated as a new rural industry , allowing rural poor to engage in fuelwool farming and participate in the mainstream economic activity by supplying electricity to urban load centres . * The Government will endeavour to reach a minimum level of 10 % of electrical energy supplied to the grid to be from NRE by a process of facilitation including access to green funding such as CDM . The target year to reach this level of NRE penetration is 2015 . * A review of technical limits and financial constraints of absorbing NRE will be carried out an will be followed by a technical and financial barrier removal exercise , with external support and expertise where necessary . * The NRE strategy shall not cause any additional burden on the end use customer tariffs . If justified , the Government may subsidize the energy utilities for this purpose . * The Government recognises that certain NRE technologies would require incentives to ensure their capacity build-up to contribute to the national NRE target . These incentives shall be provided on a competitive basis , in which the NRE developlers shall bid for a share of the NRE target subject to a price ceiling . NRE incentives shall be technology-specific and based on actual energy supplied to the grid . * To make available the incentives for NRE technologies , the Government will create an ‘ Energy Fund ’ , which will be managed by the ECF . This fund will be strengthened through an energy cess , grants received from donors and well wishers , as well as any funds received under CDM . This fund will be used to provide incentives for the promotion of NRE technologies and strengthen the transmission network to absorb the NRE technologies into the grid . * NRE developments will not be charged any resource cost ( royalty ) for a period of 15 years from the commercial operation date . Resource costs charges from selected NRE technologies after the 15th year of commercial operation shall be used to finance incentives for further NRE development , through the Energy Fund . Institutional responsibility to implement this NRE strategy and to achieve targets shall lie with the PUCSL and ECF . The ECF shall prepare a Long-term Non-conventional Renewable Energy Plan ( LTNREP ) , which shall provide interim targets for specific NRE technologies , upper thresholds of pricing , and resource costing . The LTNREP shall be a 20 year plan , updated at least once in two years . Implementation of the LTNREP shall be promoted and facilitated by ECF . 4.5 Electricity Pricing