enhance the safety of motorists and pedestrians and also contribute to energy conservation with better aesthetic sense . 3.4 Promoting Indegenous Resources * The use of economically viable , environment friendly , non-conventional renewable energy resources will be promoted by providing a level playing field for developers of non-conventional energy resources . * Concessionary financing will be sought to implement the remaining medium scale hydroelectric projects which are economically , environmentally and socially viable , but not viable under normal commercial terms . Pricing of electricity generated would , however , be on commercial terms . * Necessary incentives will be provided and access to green funding including Clean Development Mechanism ( CDM ) will be facilitated to develop non-conventional renewable energy resources to ensure their contribution to the energy supply in special situations , even if their economic viablility is marginal . * A facilitation agency dedicated to the systematic planning and promotion of non-conventional renewable energy resources will be established . * Oil and natural gas resources will be explored and commercially exploited ; both public and private sector investment will be promoted in this regard . * Biomass-based energy projects will be developed in areas where land resources are available , enabling new industrial activities in such areas , empahasising on creating rural income generation avenues . * Research and development on adopting new technologies and practices , particularly in the use of nonconventional renewable energy to suit local conditions will be promoted . * Focused attention will be drawn on development of bio-fuels as an alternative energy resources for the transport sector . * Initiatives of other sectors and institutions to convert biomass and other waste to energy will be encouraged and supported where appropriate . 3.5 Adopting an Appropriate Pricing Policy * The PUCSL will be empowered to regulate the energy sector including electricity and petroleum sub-sectors , to ensure effective implementation of the pricing policy , * Appropriate pricing strategies will be formulated and implemented by PUCSL , which will prepare and regularly update plans to achieve a cost-reflective pricing policy for all commercial energy products ( electricity , petroleum products , LPG ) and implement them . These prices will include elements such as a reasonable return on equity , internal cash generation for capital investment and debt service . * Necessary steps will be taken by PUCSL to ensure that the optimal energy supply expansion plans are implemented in time so that the cost reflective prices will be based on these optimal plans . * A mechanism will be established by PUCSL to identify target groups of consumers that deserve special consideration owing to social needs or commercial realities . 3.6 Enhancing Energy Sector Management Capacity * Capacity of the Ministry in charge of the subject of energy will be developed and strengthened to develop integrated long-term energy plans and conduct policy analyses in the energy sector as a sustainable continuing activity . * Capacity within the Provincial Councils will be developed