. 3.10.2 Development of novel information and communications technology ( ICT ) applications such asforpower system automation , remote control , distributed real time event and data acquisition systems , and smart metering will be encouraged . 3.10.3 Sri Lankan enterprises will be encouraged to engage in energy sector infrastructure development . 3.10.4 Research and development on introducing , adopting and implementing new and emerging renewable fuel sources , efficient energy conversion and end use technologies will be promoted . 3.10.5 Innovation will be facilitated by providing protection to intellectual property , safeguarding the same until commercialisation and by nurturing nascent technologies through financial incentives and tax benefits . 3.10.6 Indigenous knowledge and capacities required for energy sector development will be realised . 3.10.7 Potential offered by vehicle energy storage systems ( ESS ) will be studied considering ESS as a local standby energy storage device , deploying those as an automated demand response ( ADR ) option and a load profile management too . 3.10.8 Small scale on-grid distributed and off-grid stand-alone applications using renewable energy with local value addition will be encouraged as an economic development thrust . # 4 . Results Delivery Framework This chapter describes the targets and likely timeframes associated with expected policy intents and the assignment of responsibilities of realisation of policy intents.They are to be reviewed in two-year intervals and re-stated for the period ahead . 4.1 Assuring Energy Security To execute strategies identified to realise energy security , the following targets and milestones will be met by the institutions to which responsibilities are assigned . 1a Feasibility of cross border electricity transfer with countries in the region will be studied and documented by end 2021 . 1b Feasibility of the Sapugaskanda oil refinery expansion project will be evaluated by end-2020undertaking a study to determine the optimum capacity , and a preliminary investigation on establishing a second refinery will be undertaken by mid-2021 by the Ceylon Petroleum Corporation . 1c Every player in the petroleum subsector and all grid connected thermal power plants shall jointly maintain a strategic fuel reserve equivalent to a minimum 30 days ’ consumption at any given time . The Petroleum Corporation and the CEB shall be jointly responsible to agree on targets for local storage capacity to be developed and maintained by either party . All future power plant specifications must contain appropriate storage capacities to be maintained locally . 1d A high-level standing committee to be titled as ‘ Energy Sector Risk Assessment Panel ’ to be established with sufficient representation from key sectors by end2019to assess possible internal and external contingencies that could critically affect the performance of the energy sector . Members of this committee must also include co-opted specialists on the subject of risk assessment and be given the required training on how to identify such risks.This panel must meet periodically and identify such contingencies based on probability-impact analysis and advise sector agencies to prepare plans to mitigate impacts of the same . Secretary