File Name : LKA-NEP-2008-EN Year : 2008 Country Name : Sri Lanka Country Code : LKA Category : NEP Document Title : NATIONAL ENERGY POLICY & STRATEGIES OF SRI LANKA Exists ? : Y Publication Date : 2008 Start Year : 2008 End Year : 2017 Language : EN -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- # 1 INTRODUCTION 1.1 Energy Supply Energy supply in Sri Lanka is mainly based on three primary resources , namely , biomass , petroleum and hydroelectricity . In 2004 , hydro-electricity production in the country accounted for 706.9 kTOE ( thousand tonnes of oil equivalent ) while the biomass-based energy supply was 4,494.4 kTOE . Approximately 4,304.2 kTOE was provided by imported crude oil and finished petroleum products such as diesel and liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) . Additionally , the non-conventional resources ( mainly wind ) provided 3.5 kTOE of primary energy , giving an aggregate primary energy supply of approximately 9,509.1 kTOE . The 2004 primary energy contributions to national energy supply were 47.3 % from biomass , 45.3 % from crude oil and petroleum products and 7.4 % from hydroelectricity . The use of non-conventional energy resources in Sri Lanka is of a relatively smaller scale and therefore its contribution is presently of low significance in the macro energy picture . 1.2 Energy Demand Growth With the increasing demand for energy to provide for the country ’ s economic and social development , total primary energy demand is expected to increase to about 15,000 kTOE by the year 2020 at an average annual growth rate of about 3 % . Electricity and petroleum sub-sectors are likely to record higher annual growth rates of about 7-8 % . Hydro electricity production and biomass-based energy supplies , which are the only large-scale indigenous primary energy resources available in Sri Lanka , are expected to increase only marginally in the near future . This is mainly due to limitations in further hydropower development owing to lower economic viability of exploiting the remaining large hydropower sites and limited use of biomass with gradually increasing standard of living of the population . This means that the country ’ s incremental primary energy requirements need to be supplied mainly by imported fossil fuels in the medium term . In the longer term , possible development of indigenous petroleum resources and accelerated development of non-conventional renewable energy are likely to make a significant change in Sri Lanka ’ s mix of primary energy resources . 1.3 Energy Sector Governance Electricity and petroleum are the two main commercial energy supply sub-sectors in Sri Lanka . Both these subsectors , which are largely served by state-owned utilities , are presently undergoing process of reforms . Biomass and wind are also emerging as significant forms of commercial energy . The electricity supply industry is dominated by state sector institutions , namely the Ceylon