and assisted to treat energy efficiency improvment financing as a standard item in a portfolio of loans . * State sector agencies identified as major energy consumers will be closely monitored and their energy expenditure will be separated from recurrent expenditure to assist energy efficiency improvement and cost control . Such agencies will be mandated to take the lead in procuring energy efficient equipment . * The Energy Efficiency Building Code will be updated and made mandatory to state sector entities by end 2007 . Indirect measures through premit issuing agencies will be implemented to encourage the practice of the code by other entities within the same time frame . * Information pertaining to ways and means of energy efficiency improvement will be collected and disseminated through mass media and other suitable channels , facilitating consumers to undertake energy efficiency improvment programmes . Institutional Responsibility to implement these strategies to reach the targets specified lies with the ECF , and shall be assisated by electricity and petroleum utilities , the PUCSL and other stakholders . 4.11 National Energy Database and Integrated National Energy Planning * Ministry of Power and Energy shall immediately establish a national energy palnning team , to address the policy issues inter-linkages between sub-sectors , and to investigate important issues such as pricing policy in consultation with public , private and civil society groups . * Sufficient powers required to analyse and make specific recommendations on all aspects or energy sector performance , shall be vested with the planning team by 2007 . The team will be assisted by the Department of Census and Statistics * The planning team shall , by end of 2007 establish improved methodology , if necessary , to develop demand forecasts , simulate development scenarios , intergrate sub-sectoral plans , conduct sensitivity studies , analyse policy options , and develop forecast energy balances . * The National Energy Database and the analysis on Energy Sector Performance shall be updated and published every year . Summary information of these shall be available on a website , and detailed information will be provided on request . The first publication shall be for energy data updated until year 2004 , to be published by end 2006 . Implementation Responsibility : An integrated national energy plan to cover 25 years into the future shall be prepared by the National Energy Planning Team of the Ministry of Power and Energy , and published at least once in two years . The National Energy Balance and Energy Sector Performance shall by published annually . 4.12 Rural Electrification A special fund will be created for the purpose of funding the Rural Electrification ( RE ) programmes . All donor funds , government contributions and contributions from the future electricity distribution utilities , ( as would be decided by the PUCSL ) will be the main sources of funds . The practice hitherto followed in RE Programmes will be closely examined . In this context , the government will study