; improve key governance functions ; and promote peace and social cohesion through anticipatory and adaptive governance . It will address negative social trends , including hate speech , and harness opportunities that emerge from technology and social media . Early warning mechanisms will be strengthened to facilitate conflict prevention and sensitivity , including on managing environmental resource-based conflicts at the local level . 19 . Evidence-based , innovative and consultative policy formulation and implementation will be promoted at the national and subnational levels . UNDP will engage key oversight institutions such as the Parliament and commissions to facilitate people ’ s participation in governance processes and strengthen recourse to remedy grievances . To address the lack of women ’ s participation in political processes , special attention will be paid to supporting women leaders , including the local councillors . UNDP ’ s flagship programme on local governance , funded by the European Union , will strengthen capacities of decentralized and devolved structures by promoting horizontal and vertical development planning , localization of the Goals , and effective , inclusive and people-centred service delivery . 20 . To strengthen the rule of law and contribute to an accountable and responsive justice system , UNDP prioritizes justice sector reform , building on its long-standing partnership with the Ministry of Justice , supported by European Union and in collaboration with the United Nations Children ’ s Fund . Focus areas include : rights awareness and representation ; transparency of the justice sector ; strengthened data capabilities ; efficiency , coordination and capacity of a broad range of justice actors to advance legislative and policy reform ; and judicial modernization in line with international standards and best practices . Victim-centric and gender-responsive legal services will be promoted , including for sexual and gender-based violence survivors , through victim and witness protection , legal aid , and continued support to strengthening women ’ s shelters . While the COVID-19 pandemic may have accelerated the use of digital technologies , a more strategic , whole-of-society shift towards digital transformation is required to bridge gaps in public service provision , improve efficiency , and provide better access for women and girls . 21 . The previous country programme evaluation suggested a more active engagement with civil society , including enhancement of civic space and promotion of participation at all levels . This will be pursued , along with platforms for social dialogue and volunteering . UNDP will support disability inclusion and mainstreaming of official languages to promote voice and representation . 22 . An area-based approach will be adopted , in collaboration with other United Nations entities , to ensure integrated solutions . Its geographical focus will include the north , east , dry , intermediate and southern zones , where pockets of severe poverty persist ( outcome 1 ) and where people are most vulnerable to the effects of climate change ( outcome 2 ) . This will contribute to addressing factors that could