delivery capacities , ensuring the independence and efficacy of the judiciary , improving oversight of the branches of government , and creating hate-intolerant spaces for meaningful , constructive engagement with and among the public are key elements of the pathway to greater public trust and fulfilment of individuals ’ rights . The theory of change further suggests that the realization of potential development gains from the above measures will depend upon the extent to which society is able to increase the agency and social capital of women and marginalized groups . # II . Programme priorities and partnerships 10 . The country programme seeks to address the deepening socio-political and economic crises and their consequences – particularly for vulnerable groups – guided by the principle of ‘ leaving no one behind ’ , and to support resilient recovery and sustainable human development to limit regression of development gains and minimize backsliding on the attainment of the goals . Consultations ( facilitated by the National Planning Department ) , as well as civil society partners , informed the programme design . 11 . Special attention will be paid to : ( a ) driving gender equality and women ’ s empowerment , across all outcomes and in marginalized and rural areas , through greater participation in decision-making and more equitable access to economic and natural resources ; ( b ) a twin-track approach to ensuring that the rights and potential of persons with disabilities are realized by supporting the commitments Sri Lanka has made to differently abled and disabled people on rights to economic and social security and equal opportunities to improve quality of life ; and ( c ) including young people as partners and agents , drawing on the Youth 2030 Strategy . 12 . Understanding the barriers faced by vulnerable individuals , groups and geographical areas , and prioritizing support for actions to ensure that needs and rights are addressed , will be central to the country programme . The programme takes a crisis-prevention and risk-informed , agile approach , given past challenges , future uncertainties , the unprecedented scale of the current socio-economic situation , and the converging crises . 13 . The country programme will build on the comparative advantages of UNDP as it contributes to the UNSDCF within three broad priority areas : Social inclusion and macroeconomic stability ; Green development and Inclusive governance and justice , peace and social cohesion . Social inclusion and macroeconomic stability ( outcome 1 ) 14 . UNDP will substantially increase its support to alleviating the human development impact of the socio-economic crises and will support immediate relief and recovery efforts . With the United Nations Children ’ s Fund and the United Nations results group on social protection , UNDP will provide support to expanding social protection coverage for effective relief , and building resilience . Strengthening livelihoods will be a key focus , and , in collaboration with the World Food Programme and the Food and Agriculture