The report of the United Nations Human Rights Commission , in March 2022 , underscored the deteriorating status of human rights and heightened risks to social cohesion . 4 . Sri Lanka ranks among the top 10 most climate-vulnerable countries on the Climate Risk Index . Projected changes of climate are expected to impact its poorest and marginalized communities the most . Conservation and sustainable natural resource management will be pivotal for the long recovery and growth trajectory . In 2021 , Sri Lanka updated its Nationally Determined Contributions , renewing commitments to increase forest cover up to 32 per cent , reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 14.5 per cent by 2030 , and achieve carbon neutrality in electricity generation with no capacity addition of coal power plants by 2050 . 5 . The United Nations Sustainable Development Cooperation Framework ( UNSDCF ) , with its four mutually reinforcing strategic priorities and six outcome areas , responds to the policy priorities of the Government and the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development , and focuses on equity and ‘ leaving no-one behind ’ . UNDP will contribute to all six UNSDCF outcomes , primarily to No . 2 , Inclusive , green-led recovery and growth ; No . 3 , Climate resilience and environmental sustainability ; No . 4 , Governance , justice and rule of law ; and No . 5 . Social cohesion and human rights . Gender is mainstreamed across the outcomes , ensuring contribution to outcome 6 . Inter-Parliamentary Union6 . The continuous decline in official development assistance increased the need for exploring alternative and blended sources of financing for development activities , with international financial institutions , the World Bank , the Asian Development Bank , and non-traditional and private sector partners ( United Nations Global Compact , Biodiversity Sri Lanka ) . While government financing through UNDP projects has been limited due to fiscal constraints , alternative models such as increased in-kind support , implementation support to loans from international financial institutions , and subnational level partnerships are being explored . Scaling up the South-South partnership to promote renewable and green energy will be further explored . 7 . This country programme will build on recommendations of the 2018-2022 programme evaluation , which noted the success of UNDP in adapting its governance work to transformational shifts in context ; its strong partnership with the Ministry of Justice ; and its nimbleness in programming . The evaluation noted the holistic approach of UNDP to engaging the private sector , leveraging influence on economic empowerment , social cohesion , and progress towards meeting gender-responsive targets . UNDP received the Gender Silver Seal in 2021 , and is aiming for gold in 2022 , demonstrating a firm commitment to gender inclusion in its programming and management practices . The evaluation noted the access UNDP has to vertical funds , such as the Green Climate Fund , assessed to have catalysed improved water management for agriculture and drinking ;