lead to social tensions and elevate conflict risk through additional stress on resource allocation , management and scarcity ( outcome 4 ) . Intercommunity tensions and conflict incidence directly contributing to physical and economic insecurity , with women at greater risk of violence and disempowerment ( outcome 3 ) , will also be addressed . As the single largest development partner supporting refugee communities returning to their lands , UNDP , in collaboration with the International Organization for Migration , will continue to support resettlement , embedding it in local development . UNDP will pursue strengthened environmental protection and natural resource management , including renewable energy and sustainable tourism linked to the outcome 2 objectives on green-led economic development and improved livelihoods ( outcome 1 ) . # III . Programme and risk management 23 . UNDP will provide active leadership to Cooperation Framework Outcome Results Groups 3 and 4 and will guide joint planning , monitoring , and reporting , including through to the Joint Steering Committee . Annual planning and multi-year goal-setting for the country programme will be undertaken in partnership with the Government , through the establishment of a programme board as the governance mechanism . Implementation will benefit from a civil society advisory committee . Given the fluid circumstances in the country , UNDP will ensure continuous monitoring of the theory of change for variations in its key underlying assumptions , as well as robust programme management mechanisms to adapt to consequential changes in the development context . Closely aligned with the Cooperation Framework which will be reviewed annually , a substantive midterm review will be undertaken , to ensure that the strategic focus is calibrated to the needs of Sri Lanka as it emerges from multiple crises . 24 . With the deepening of internal fractures due to socio-economic crises with concomitant political dislocations , the possibility of increased inter-community tensions , violence and uprisings due to social instability presents risks to social cohesion . UNDP will test , review and update contingency plans ; revise and upscale the use of the United Nations crisis risk dashboard ; and apply scenario planning , foresight based on political economy , and conflict analyses to modify or scale up existing programmes to mitigate escalation . 25 . Natural and climate-induced disasters , as well as future COVID-19 outbreaks or other pandemics , may affect the ability of communities and local stakeholders to stay engaged in development initiatives . Mitigating actions will include disaster preparedness and business continuity planning for uninterrupted programme delivery developed with United Nations partners , government , civil society , and communities . 26 . To ensure financial sustainability , UNDP will build on ongoing successful partner relationships and diversify partnerships through the Partnership and Communications Action Plan operationalized in 2020 . A programme pipeline of strategic , gender transformative ( ‘ GEN 3 ’ ) , innovative and operational engagements will be developed to advance the priorities identified . UNDP will review its