will be earmarked and secured in advance to ensure timely implementation of such facilities and to minimise adverse social impacts . 10 ) Providing Opportunities for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Considering the limitation to the scale of markets available in Sri Lanka to breed technology intensive local businesses , the relatively large size of the energy sector will be utilised to nurture local entrepreneurship and innovation . # 3 . Implementing Strategies The broad strategies to implement the national energy policy are detailed in this chapter , aligned with the aforementioned ten pillars : 3.1 Assuring Energy Security Primary and secondary energy resources and supplies used in the country will be secured to maximise the country ’ s energy supply reliability , continuity and adequacy , and strategic independence by employing the strategies : 3.1.1 Diversity in energy resources used in electricity generation will be ensured subject to economic , environmental , technological and operational requirements . 3.1.2 Considering the recent price profiles , natural gas would be the next fossil fuel option for the country to broaden diversity.A liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) terminal of optimum size and technology would be established at the most suitable location . Considering the impact to the country ’ s energy security , operation of the first terminal and LNG procurement shall be kept under state control . 3.1.3 Global diversification of energy sources will be pursued to safeguard the supply chain against external geo-political uncertainties . 3.1.4 Percentage installed power generation capacity from a single imported fuel shall not exceed 50 % of the total installed firm capacity to safeguard against geopolitical uncertainties and fuel price shocks . 3.1.5 Adequacy and reliability of transmission and distribution infrastructure in both electricity and fuel supply networks to meet any future contingencies will be ensured . 3.1.6 Regular risk and assessments will be conducted to identify and mitigate possible internal , external contingencies that could critically affect the performance of the energy sector . 3.1.7 Indigenous petroleum resources will be explored using geophysical surveys , and the national petroleum data repository will be strengthened . Such resources will be strategically developed to introduce into all sectors including power generation , transport , household and industry , as well as to generate futuristic cleaner energy sources such as hydrogen and gas to liquids ( GTL ) . 3.1.8 National requirements of electricity will be met with proven generation technologies and fuel sources . 3.1.9 Maintenance of strategic fuelreserves in strategic locations in the country will be made mandatory for all key players in electricity and petroleum industries . 3.1.10 Local crude oil refining capacity will be expanded to optimally satisfy the country ’ s demand for different petroleum products . 3.1.11 Viable cross-border electricity transmission and cooperation with countries in the region will be pursued on the basis of multilateral power pool operation 3.2 Providing Access to Energy Services Access to reliable , convenient , affordable , equitable and quality energy services will be provided to