emphasize dynamic and inclusive economic growth , high-quality health care , education and social protection , improved governance , environmental protection and disaster risk reduction . 6 . The Government and the United Nations system are committed to three strategic priorities and four contributing outcomes in the United Nations Sustainable Development Cooperation Framework . Expected results address system weaknesses existing prior to the pandemic and promote accelerators to recover better , including investments in innovation , digitization , and public-sector and community resilience to prepare for future shocks . The priorities and outcomes were identified and validated with national sector working groups comprising the Government , the United Nations system , civil society , the private sector , academia and donors . Because of COVID-19 , consultations done virtual , and the timeline was adjusted for parliamentary elections on 15 July 2020 . Surveys were conducted to identify people ’ s priorities for the future and factors driving out-migration . 7 . The goal of the Sustainable Development Cooperation Framework is a more prosperous , inclusive and resilient North Macedonia by 2030 . Success will depend upon sustained and inclusive economic and social development ( priority 1 ) ; enhanced climate action , natural resources and disaster risk management ( priority 2 ) ; and more transparent and accountable governance ( priority 3 ) . The UNDP country programme will contribute to all priorities , and three of four outcomes . 8 . The country programme builds on the unique positioning of UNDP in the United Nations system . Comparative advantages are : ( a ) technical expertise , offering integrated and crosssectoral solutions and combining policy and regulatory advice with capacity development ; ( b ) strong and agile operational presence ; ( c ) established multi-stakeholder partnerships for action on priorities for European Union accession and the Sustainable Development Goals ; and ( d ) trusted relations with all levels of government . UNDP will engage in United Nations joint programmes for integrated service provision , disability , climate change , air pollution , youth , and gender equality . 9 . The UNDP integrator role in North Macedonia comprises thought leadership , a platform approach , and programmatic focus on innovation and resilience . These will be applied to Framework priorities and outcomes where UNDP has comparative advantage : ( a ) strengthening the effectiveness and accountability of institutions , particularly at municipal levels ; ( b ) job creation ; ( c ) green and inclusive economic development ; and ( d ) facilitating citizen engagement in decision-making and climate action . 10 . Thought leadership . UNDP will apply modern data and analytics to join social , economic and environmental analysis to integrated approaches and developing scenarios that address complex development problems , such as COVID-19 recovery , air pollution , corruption , and out-migration . 11 . Platform approach . UNDP will convene multiple stakeholders – including start-ups , accelerators , international financial institutions