quality social services , with a focus on persons with disabilities , Roma and young people . Mechanisms and policy measures will enable higher activation rates for women and family members providing care services . 26 . These results will support government policy directions to increase productive employment , raise living standards , and reform the education system . 27 . Under priority 2 , UNDP , with United Nations system partners ( Food and Agriculture Organization , United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction , UN-Women , World Health Organization ) , will strengthen policies and implementation capacities for climate change adaptation and mitigation , management of ecosystem resources , and disaster risk reduction . ( a ) UNDP will work with the Government to strengthen legal , policy , and regulatory frameworks for effective environmental governance directed toward low-emission development and multi-sector resilience to climate change . UNDP will promote system transformation pathways addressing society ’ s relationship with nature , beyond the environment silo . This will integrate nationally determined contributions and adaptation plans into other sector plans and strategies for green finance and economy , urban planning and housing , health , agriculture , and land-use planning . ( b ) Solutions will be identified and scaled up for more efficient use of natural resources and enhanced protection of biodiversity , including improvements to farming systems in the Prespa Lake area . Measures will be evidence-based and gender-sensitive , in line with European Union Green Deal , energy and climate policies , and global environmental agreements . UNDP will assist the country in meeting its transparency and reporting commitments under the United Nations framework on climate change and the Paris Agreement . ( c ) UNDP will support the preparation of integrated and data-informed disaster risk and recovery plans . In line with the Sendai Framework , this entails capacity development to analyse disaster risks , strengthen disaster risk governance , enhance disaster preparedness , and ‘ build back better ’ . ( d ) UNDP will support the rural population in increasing sustainable agricultural production and farm incomes , focused on small-holders and especially female-headed households , through strengthened agriculture and rural development strategies and promotion of agri-business value chains . 28 . These results will support government policy directions to shift the energy sector to a low-carbon development path and reduce air pollution . 29 . Under priority 3 , UNDP , with United Nations system partners ( Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees , United Nations Children ’ s Fund , UN-Women , Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights ) will support more effective public administration and transparent and accountable governance . ( a ) UNDP will work with governments at all levels , civil society , and private-sector partners to strengthen strategic planning , regulatory , and oversight capacities for transparent policy design and budgeting . UNDP efforts will focus on effective fiscal decentralization and enhanced public