financial management , and will support implementation and monitoring of anti-corruption laws . UNDP will support the preparation of gender-sensitive , risk-informed response and recovery measures that reach beyond the health sector to include municipalities and other sector stakeholders . This will assist North Macedonia in preparing for future crises and pandemics . ( b ) UNDP will develop local government capacities for enhanced analysis , decisionmaking , budgeting and execution , and measurement of policy outcomes . This will include the introduction of innovative digital technologies and mechanisms for intermunicipal planning and pooling of resources to address regional and cross-boundary challenges . ( c ) UNDP will support legal , policy and institutional reforms related to human rights commitments . This will strengthen rule of law , increase access to justice , create a stronger legal environment for civilsociety organizations , protect the rights of vulnerable groups , and reduce barriers for gender equality and women ’ s empowerment . 30 . These results will support government policy directions for more transparent and accountable decision-making , judicial reform , and a stronger enabling environment for civil society . 31 . The priorities for programme cooperation form a nexus of change and partnerships . These will be expanded with digital outreach and platforms for consultation involving central and municipal governments ; parliamentarians ; civil society organizations ; diverse communitybased groups , including women ’ s rights and youth organizations ; and the private sector , including business serving organizations ; and financial institutions . Linkages between the outcomes : ( a ) efforts to stimulate small business development and increase business productivity will depend upon effective governance reform ; ( b ) governance reform , especially for budget transparency , is essential in promoting low emission development and resilience to climate change ; ( c ) preparedness for future health emergencies and pandemics will benefit from UNDP experience in disaster risk reduction . For all priorities , UNDP will advocate to address gaps in legislative and institutional frameworks related to international gender equality commitments . # III . Programme and risk management 32 . This country programme document outlines UNDP contributions to national results and serves as the primary unit of accountability to the Executive Board for results alignment and resources assigned to the programme at the country level . Accountabilities of managers at the country , regional and headquarters levels with respect to country programmes is prescribed in the Programme and Operations Policies and Procedures and Internal Control Framework . 33 . The Harmonized Approach to Cash Transfers will be used in a coordinated fashion with other United Nations organizations to manage financial risks . The programme will be nationally executed under the coordination of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs . UNDP will continue to provide implementation support services at the request of the Government . If necessary , national execution may be replaced by direct execution for part or all of the programme to enable response to force