of disrepair . Waste management is inadequate , with municipal waste being disposed of in 54 non-compliant municipal landfills . Power depends upon the burning of lignite in outdated generators producing 70 per cent CO2 emissions19 . Air pollution is responsible for about 2,600 deaths annually , with economic losses estimated at 3.2 per cent of GDP . This highlights the critical environment-health nexus and the need for affordable , clean energy . Flooding accounts for 50 per cent of natural disasters and 95 per cent of economic damage . The country lacks a national disaster-risk strategy in line with the Sendai Framework , and there are significant challenges in complying with European Union legislation and standards . 18 . UNDP will strengthen policy frameworks and local capacities for climate change adaptation and mitigation ; efficient management of ecosystem resources , especially water ; and disaster risk reduction . This will contribute to reducing greenhouse gas emissions and increasing coping capacities and rural livelihoods , boosting a green and resilient recovery from the pandemic . UNDP comparative advantages were illustrated by the Strumica river watershed , which increased land under sustainable agriculture from almost nothing to 360,000 hectares , and demonstrated capacities of national institutions to meet commitments under the Paris Agreement with a national climate monitoring system . UNDP also “ built back better ” 5 dams , 4 bridges , 22 km of roads , 102 km of riverbeds and channels , and areas affected by landslides . # Effective , people-centred governance and rule of law 19 . North Macedonia has grappled with improving overall governance of public/state institutions in terms of rule of law , transparency , voice and accountability . Policymaking is excessively centralized , business regulations are opaque , and civil society is marginal to service delivery . There is a low level of trust in state institutions , particularly the judiciary . Public concerns about corruption , expressed in recent perception surveys , exceed those about the economy and jobs . Despite efforts to increase youth participation and volunteerism , too few young people take part in civic activities . These challenges reinforce inequities , with a disproportionate impact on vulnerable groups . 20 . UNDP will support strategic planning , regulatory and oversight capacities at the central level , and municipal-level capacity development for analysis , decision-making , budgeting and execution . These changes will contribute to transparent and accountable governance and social cohesion , and will reaffirm government commitment to European Union accession and the fundamentals for building trust and counteracting polarization . UNDP has demonstrated expertise in strengthening municipal governance and capacities for economic development , service delivery , and citizen participation in the context of ongoing decentralization . 21 . There are opportunities to support North Macedonia in scaling up effective solutions for European Union accession and Sustainable Development Goals achievement : ( a ) readiness to reform public administration ; ( b ) demands for quality services ,