highlighting the need for greater municipal capacities , including inter-municipal cooperation and digital infrastructure ; ( c ) interplay of non-communicable diseases and air pollution , illustrating the need for stronger environmental management and low-emission development ; and ( d ) recognition of poverty in the northern regions , calling for more inclusive economic growth , with a focus on local , ‘ green ’ economic development and increased smallholder agricultural productivity . UNDP will play an integrator role in these areas to identify policy and programme solutions and take proven interventions to scale . 22 . Based upon lessons from programme cooperation , UNDP will : ( a ) strengthen the ownership and sustainability of interventions with local governments and municipal councils , advocating for greater revenue generating powers , increased staffing and administrative capacity ; ( b ) introduce responsible social contracting for service delivery by civil society organizations and the private sector ; ( c ) enhance gender-responsive measures across all programmes ; and ( d ) increase private sector and civil society engagement . # II . Programme priorities and partnerships 23 . The programme vision is for system transformation , leading to accelerated , more inclusive and greener economic growth . This will enable North Macedonia to prosper as a cohesive , inclusive society and converge with the European Union in terms of income and quality of life , especially for vulnerable groups . 24 . Three priorities for cooperation are aligned with the Framework and the UNDP Strategic Plan . In line with the UNDP COVID-19 crisis response and recovery offer and the United Nations system strategy for North Macedonia , programme strategies integrate pandemic response and recovery measures . 25 . Under priority 1 , UNDP , with United Nations system partners ( UNFPA , International Labour Organization , UN-Women , International Organization for Migration ) , will support economic development that is risk-informed and inclusive : ( a ) UNDP will work with the Government and business-serving organizations to implement policy and regulatory solutions for an enabling business environment . This will accelerate the formation and growth of small and medium-sized enterprises and ensure their inclusion in the formal sector . Digital transformation will lead to more resilient , productive businesses that can offer higher-quality jobs . UNDP will support the ‘ greening ’ of value chains and ensure that the equity and gender dimensions of small business in development policies and incentives are tailored to populations with specific vulnerabilities . ( b ) The ‘ skilling ’ system , including formal and non-formal technical and vocational education and training , will be strengthened , with more engagement of the private sector and increased access to digital learning . UNDP will support new occupational standards and curricula , and will pilot innovative employment support measures , especially for women and people who lost jobs due to COVID-19 . ( c ) UNDP will address exclusion and strengthen the targeting and delivery of