majeure . The Harmonized Approach will be used in a coordinated fashion with other United Nations organizations to manage financial risks . Cost definitions and classifications for programme and development effectiveness will be charged to the concerned projects . 34 . UNDP will participate in Government-United Nations coordination mechanisms , including the Sustainable Development Cooperation Framework Joint Steering Committee . Programme and project boards will be established in line with the Social and Environmental Standards and Accountability Mechanism . A partnerships and resource mobilization strategy will be developed . New sources of finance will be identified , including blended finance and other flows for Sustainable Development Goals-related country priorities . Since North Macedonia is an upper-middle-income country , the Government will contribute 75 per cent of UNDP local office costs . 35 . Risks for programme cooperation are : ( a ) possible changes in the process and requirements for European Union accession , and potential impasse around the economic reform programme ; ( b ) unfavourable global economic and trade trends ; ( c ) further deterioration of public trust in the Government and disruptions to social cohesion ; ( d ) major talent and labour gaps created by population ageing and out-migration ; and ( e ) natural hazards and insufficient institutional and local preparedness to respond . Each of these risks is worsened by the COVID-19 pandemic , with its strain on health systems , governance , economy and society . 36 . Risk management will involve : ( a ) cross-sector coordination and partnerships ; ( b ) impartial Sustainable Development Goals-based advocacy and policy dialogue ; ( c ) costsharing with government and alternative financing and funding options ; ( d ) regular results monitoring ; and ( e ) review and updating of contingency plans for disasters and emergencies . IV . Monitoring and evaluation 37 . Monitoring and evaluation will be carried out based on the outcome and output indicators in the results and resources framework , aligned with indicators related to European Union accession and the national indicator framework for the Sustainable Development Goals . This demonstrates a clear linkage between the support provided by UNDP , the Framework outcomes , and sustainable development results . 38 . Data for baselines and targets will be disaggregated by sex , area , income , and subpopulations , especially vulnerable groups . The programme will reinforce innovative tools to manage data collection and analysis at the country programme outcome and output levels . 39 . Good practices and lessons learned from national and international sources will shape policy advice , advocacy , and project design and implementation . Evaluations will be pursued for accountability and learning . Emphasis will be on national ownership and capacity development in evaluations . An independent evaluation of the country programme will be conducted in 2024 .