and domestic banks – to develop sustainable solutions for national challenges . Existing platforms for disaster risk management and city innovation will be linked with regional and global knowledge and innovation networks . 12 . Innovation . UNDP will scale up programme innovations , including the Skopje Lab , the Innovation Hub , and platforms for disaster risk management and small and medium-sized enterprises . An Acceleration Lab – part of the global network – will offer world-class expertise to addressing emerging policy areas such as the green , circular economy and the care economy . UNDP will test new solutions to help businesses navigate the COVID-19 economy and will inform government policies for creating sustainable , formal and green jobs . 13 . Resilience is a key theme of cooperation . It encompasses more effective , transparent governance and rule of law ; strengthened social cohesion between citizens and the Government ; increased decent employment and living standards ; and a shift towards lowemission development , sustainable use of natural resources and green jobs . As a technical lead in the socio-economic response to the pandemic , UNDP will work beyond conventional sector and ministry boundaries system , transformation and renewal helping the Government to navigate high levels of uncertainty . 14 . Based on the common country analysis and stakeholder consultations , there are three challenges to which UNDP will bring strategic and value-added solutions to contribute to Framework priorities and outcomes . # Poverty and economic exclusion 15 . North Macedonia has made progress towards a market economy with greater trade openness and private-sector development . However , the economy is composed of many small firms that are slow to innovate ; there is a large grey economy ; and growth and productivity are insufficient to narrow the income gap with the European Union , driving the young and educated to seek opportunities abroad . Women , young people , Roma and ethnic minorities risk being excluded from formal-sector jobs and prosperity . This constitutes a major loss of productivity and jeopardizes the economic future . 16 . UNDP will engage public and private stakeholders to invest in the business ecosystem with a focus on entrepreneurship , enhanced value chains , and trade . UNDP will support businesses in navigating the economy as it recovers from the pandemic , including digital transformation . Labour market challenges call for digital ‘ up-skilling ’ programmes . Under the previous programme , UNDP demonstrated its effectiveness by supporting the creation of over 13,000 formal sector jobs and 12,000 new small businesses , accounting for 12 per cent of new companies registered during the period , and 10 new social services serving vulnerable groups . # Climate change and natural resource management 17 . The common country analysis highlights significant climate change risks : land degradation , food insecurity , floods , biodiversity loss , and damage to public infrastructure . Drinking water networks and irrigation facilities are in a state