File Name : MKD-CPD-2021-EN Year : 2021 Country Name : North Macedonia Country Code : MKD Category : CPD Document Title : Country programme document for the Republic of North Macedonia ( 2021–2025 ) Exists ? : Y Publication Date : 1–4 February 2021 Start Year : 2021 End Year : 2025 Language : EN -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- # I. UNDP within the United Nations Sustainable Development Cooperation Framework 1 . The Republic of North Macedonia is an upper-middle-income1country of 2.08 million , with high human development . The country has undergone considerable economic reform since independence to develop an open economy and is about to open accession negotiations with the European Union . 2 . The country experienced a significant decline in unemployment rates ; income distribution is becoming more equal , but poverty rates are still high , at over 20 per cent ; a further third of the population is at risk of poverty . The economy is stable , but performs below potential , with low productivity , high inactivity5and few incentives for advanced technology adoption and innovation . This is due to weak state institutions , a deficient legal framework for business , inconsistent law enforcement and accountability , and political instability . 3 . The country is ageing quickly . Out-migration and mismatch between education and market needs create labour-force challenges . A quarter of gross domestic product ( GDP ) is spent on health , education and social protection , and outcomes are not commensurate . Climate change has led to frequent , intense flooding . Degradation of natural resources , poor air quality and inadequate waste management are additional impediments to sustainable development . The COVID-19 pandemic is expected to reduce real GDP by 5.4 per cent in 2020 , with a projected return to growth of 5.5 per cent in 2021 . 4 . North Macedonia is a state party to 7 out of 9 core human rights treaties , and it is aligning legislation and regulations with European Union and international standards , especially for women and girls , children , ethnic minorities – particularly Roma – persons with disabilities , and refugees . For example , women ’ s labour force participation is a third less than men ’ s,10 and women own just 12 per cent of agricultural land , while half of women landowners are not active in land management . 5 . Four documents constitute a strategic vision for the country : ( a ) the national strategy for sustainable development ; ( b ) the Government programme for 2020-2024 ; ( c ) the economic reform programme , and ( d ) the national plan for adoption of European Union acquis communautaire . Together , they aim for European Union accession , sustainable economic growth , and inclusive prosperity . Sectoral policies and plans