electricity , though formidable technical , institutional , resource and financial barriers remain . Less than 75 % of people in urban and less than 2 % in rural areas are served by the grid at present . This limits growth in critical productive sectors such as agro-processing and other small-scale industries . Globally , many of the renewable energy technologies are becoming increasingly cost-competitive . Their deployment would diversify the energy supply and build a stable and resilient power infrastructure . This section considers grid-based wind and PV technologies for Niger . On-grid PV Solar resource conditions in Niger are excellent , so utility-scale and distributed solar power generation shows significant promise all over the country . In recent years , the cost of PV systems has fallen sharply , making it possible for grid-based PV to achieve grid parity . It is , therefore , fast becoming a genuine alternative for countries to meet their energy access goals and cushion their economies from volatile fossil fuel prices . PV module prices have declined sharply from USD 3.70/Wp in 2009 to USD 1.20/Wp today . They may fall yet further to USD 0.5/Wp , making the Balance of System ( BoS ) a crucial determinant of solar PV system costs ( IRENA , 2013b ) . These trends make PV a compelling product for end-users in countries such as Niger , which are yet to fully develop their energy infrastructure . While there is considerable experience of PV systems in Niger , much of it is offgrid . There are no utility-scale PV systems . Nevertheless , there is growing interest in investor and policy-making circles in taking advantage of the potentially major economies of scale of PV-based grid developments . A financial analysis has been made as part of the pre-feasibility study of a 20 MW grid-connected solar PV system near Niamey under negotiation at present . It provides a concrete example of how grid-based systems are likely to perform under the resource and macroeconomic conditions prevalent in Niger . Cost figures from the project developer were used , and it was assumed that power would be supplied to NIGELEC at the current utility tariff of USD 0.158/kWh . The analysis demonstrated a number of important features of PV grid systems in Niger . The payback period for the system is about 12 years ( figure 14 ) . This is also demonstrated in the levelised cost result of USD 0.10/kWh2 , illustrating that the large PV system can generate power at a rate competitive with conventional systems . Generation costs for NIGELEC are USD 0.22/kWh , which makes the PV option attractive from cost as well as security of fuel supply considerations . However , as the cost of PV systems continues to fall , their value as a reliable and cost-effective power generation option increases , particularly for periods of peak electricity demand during the day . Furthermore , the bulk of the total cost of