by parallel energy systems , the traditional and the modernised . Both face intrinsic challenges , which cross all sectors and affect the whole population . Current biomass use in Niger has major health implications , especially for women . It also has significant environmental implications in terms of land degradation and deforestation . With the population increasing at over 3 % per annum ( p.a . ) , the pressure on humans and ecosystems will continue to increase . Electricity – in terms of both quality and access – is a key challenge for Niger . The existing power infrastructure is underdeveloped , and the country continues to rely heavily on imported electricity from neighbouring Nigeria . Niger has been importing electricity at a very low price , which has historically served as a disincentive to boosting its own generation capacity . There are occasional power-supply interruptions from Nigeria due to technical problems , and these highlight Niger ’ s vulnerability in the arrangement between the two countries . Load shedding and blackouts are as commonplace in Niger as in Nigeria , prompting most businesses and urban households to invest in portable diesel generators , or “ gen-sets ” , as a standby power source . The impact of voltage fluctuations , spikes , blackouts , brownouts and other disruptions has been considerable for the wider economy . Energy insecurity has , therefore , become a barrier to development . The West African Power Pool ( WAPP ) represents an opportunity for Niger . As part of its contribution to WAPP , Niger will invest in two fossil-fuel ( coal and gas ) power generation systems . However , major View over the Niger River Photo : IRENA/H . Lucasproportion of the power expected to be generated through WAPP will be hydropower . Given the scale of power produced through the power pool , as well as power production and transmission challenges in Niger , the country is likely to benefit noticeably in terms of cheaper and more reliable electricity . Broadening energy access is a central national development objective in Niger . At present , less than 25 % of the population enjoys access to electricity , and the picture in rural areas is bleaker , at less than 5 % electricity access . Generation of electricity through renewables has long been viewed as an important way to close this gap . However , the focus on the contribution that renewables could make to the national grid has only emerged because new technologies are beginning to compete with conventional power generation . To this end , an energy policy is needed , embracing renewables as part of a longer-term energy vision . This must include a systematic roadmap for delivery , supported by research and financial support . Off-grid renewable power can meet the demand in currently unserved rural areas . Niger , still in the early stages of building its energy infrastructure , has the opportunity to