2022-2026 around three main axes : ( a ) development of human capital , inclusion , and solidarity capturing the demographic dividend and ensuring people-centred , equitable human development by addressing varied forms of structural and societal capacities at the subnational level to deliver basic services for all ; ( b ) consolidation of governance , peace and security , strengthening the capacities of national and local institutions , and legal and regulatory frameworks to assure efficiency , accountability , inclusivity and equity to provide quality services to the population , especially in rural communities ; and ( c ) structural transformation of the economy , strengthening the resilience to climate change through natural resource management to ensure food security , renewable energy access and women ’ s and youth empowerment for peace and development . These areas also form the backbone of the United Nations Sustainable Development Cooperation Framework ( UNSDCF ) . 5 . The UNSDCF places people at the centre of development in a bid to reach the 83 per cent of the rural population who are more vulnerable to poverty and insecurity and are left the furthest behind in political representation , social and economic development , employment and social protection . The underlying strategy emphasizes building the resilience of people , institutions , and systems to deliver people-centred development . 6 . UNDP will support the United Nations system in achieving UNSDCF outcomes through a two-pronged approach centred on the resilience of people and institutions . UNDP has a successful track record supporting resilience as the lead United Nations organization in the Lake Chad Basin Stabilization Facility in Niger , which has enhanced the resilience capacities of local authorities and communities in the Diffa region . Over 900,000 people in the most vulnerable districts , including youth and women , have benefitted from livelihoods support , facilitating the return of 42,000 people to their places of origin and providing access to basic services , including health centres , markets , police stations and solar energy in rural communities . 7 . UNDP comparative advantages stem from its strategic positioning , trust generated during previous programming cycles , and ongoing investments at the central and decentralized levels to strengthen systems and policies , such as the development of national and subnational SDG plans , reforms for the modernization of the State , and electoral reform ; strengthening the peace and security architecture , the Stabilization Facility , and rural development ; reinforcing local government institutions ; and strengthening data collection and analysis to inform decisionmaking on inequalities , violence against women and the impact of COVID-19 . 8 . This UNDP strategic positioning , lauded by the Government and partners , has laid the groundwork for : ( a ) resilient institutions , systems and communities ; ( b ) conflict prevention , peacebuilding and social cohesion ; ( c ) stabilization and search for innovative sustainable solutions in areas affected by insecurity and climate change