only a portion of the forest capital can be regarded today as renewable . The pace of wood harvesting has long exceeded the replenishment rate . It is estimated that about 3m t of wood and agricultural residues are consumed domestically every year ( Government of Niger , UNDP and Food and Agricultural Organisation ( FAO ) , 2003 ) . This trend shows a steady decrease in supply to meet a growing demand for wood energy . Other biomass energy resources are used in Niger too . Agricultural residues are widely used by rural households for livestock and energy purposes . This sometimes harms soil fertility as bio resources are diverted from agricultural land to meet energy needs . Nevertheless , the potential of agricultural residues to meet energy services can be significant , mainly in southern areas ( Table 3 ) . The production of biogas by anaerobic fermentation of agricultural and animal biomass ( anaerobic digestion ) has also been used in Niger , but no numbers have been recorded . Digesters require a large amount of water , which may limit the benefit of their widespread use in Niger or other Sahelian countries . # III . ENABLING ENVIRONMENT FOR RENEWABLE ENERGY # Key energy stakeholders and institutional structures The energy sector in Niger contains a multitude of stakeholders , which include government bodies and parastatal organisations , NGOs and associations as well as the private sector . Some of these play multiple roles in policy , regulation , finance , knowledge generation and advocacy . Ministère de l ’ Energie et du Pétrole – MoEP , the Ministry of Energy and Petroleum , is in charge of the development , monitoring and implementation of the national energy policy in accordance with the guidelines set by the government . Within the ministry , Direction des Energies Renouvelable set Energies Domestiques – DERED , the Renewable and Domestic Energy Directorate , is tasked with the responsibility for renewable energy and household energy . It distributes and installs energy systems across the country to serve the needs of households . The ministry also oversees the work of various independent bodies , described below . Under the supervision of the Office of the Prime Minister , Conseil National del ’ Environnement pour un Development Durable – CNEDD , National Council of the Environment for Sustainable Development , is composed of representatives of the government and civil society . It has a wide remit , coordinating and monitoring policy concerning the environment and sustainable development . CNEDD is also responsible for defining the objectives of the rural energy access programme . It coordinates the intervention of the different ministries and manages programme implementation . Société Nigérienne d ’ Electricité – NIGELEC , is Niger ’ s power utility , established in 1969 and responsible for electricity production , transmission and distribution . While IPPs are allowed to generate power , NIGELEC has a monopoly over power distribution across the country