iii ) 66 % of the population , or 214 million people , to have access to individual electricity supply ( ECOWAS , 2006 ) . The Regulatory Authority for Regional Electricity Sector of ECOWAS ( ERERA ) was created in 2008 . Its aim was to ensure the regulation of cross-border exchanges in electricity and provide substantial support for national electricity regulators of member states ( www.erera.arrec.org ) . The ECOWAS Centre for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency ( ECREEE ) was established by the Council of ECOWAS in 2009 . Its mandate was to promote measures to improve access to modern energy services , increase energy security and reduce adverse impacts on the environment . The creation of favourable framework conditions and an enabling environment for renewable energy and energy efficiency are viewed as tools to achieve these goals . Much effort will be required to address the energy issues in the region and capitalise on the opportunities that clearly lie ahead . ECREEE developed and adopted the ECOWAS Renewable Energy Policy ( EREP ) in November 2012 . EREP is designed to make renewable energy a vector for universal access to electricity by 2030 . It is also intended to ensure a more secure and sustainable supply of domestic energy for cooking . This will meet the objectives of the ECOWAS White Paper for access to modernised energy services by 2020 . # WEST AFRICAN POWER POOL WAPP is looking at developing a regional electricity market through successive phases : Phase 1 will last from 2012 to around 2015 , when most regional transmission infrastructure is expected to be commissioned . This phase includes formalising trading arrangements , agreeing transmission pricing and strengthening the role of the regional regulator . Phase 2 - based on the preparations carried out during Phase 1 , should include bilateral agreements on transit through third countries , short-term exchanges through dayahead markets , regional transmission pricing and regional system operator/market operator functions . Phase 3 - a long-term vision , which includes regional optimisation of operations . WAPP has approved a regional master plan for infrastructure development with timings for the different projects . This master plan is organised around 30 generation and 26 transmission priority projects with the objective of developing 10 % renewable energy ( excluding large hydro ) . The implementation of the master plan will add an additional capacity of 10,000 MW and 16,000 km of transmission lines in the region . This would consist of an electricity mix of 21 hydropower plants , five thermal power plants and four wind and solar plants ( Figure 1 ) . From a purely economic standpoint , a number of countries would benefit from the opportunity to reduce costs they incur at present by importing more than half their power . Savings for countries such as Guinea Bissau , Liberia and Niger could amount to USD 0.050-08/kWh ( Eberhard , et al. , 2011 ) . The largest beneficiaries