potential for Niger is outlined below . # Hydropower resources Hydropower potential in Niger is estimated at about 400 MW ( ECOWAS , 2006 ) and is only partially developed . Three potential medium and large hydropower sites along the river Niger and its tributaries have been identified . They would have a combined capacity of 268.5 MW and include : • Kandadji Dam , a large multipurpose dam with a capacity of 130 MW ( 4 X 32.5 MW ) and estimated annual generation rate of about 630 GWh . This high profile dam project will generate hydropower and regulate the flow of the river Niger , retaining water during the dry season and supporting irrigation initiatives downstream . Construction has started and is expected to be completed by 2017 . • Hydropower at Gambou and Dyodyonga , which could generate about 112.5 MW and 26 MW respectively , according to feasibility studies . A number of mini-hydro sites have also been identified along the four tributaries of the Niger River ( Mekrou , Tapoa , Gorouol and Sirba ) , amounting to a combined capacity of 8 MW . These will not require dams and will be quicker to install . They will have the strategic advantage of generating electricity close to consumption areas thus limiting costly power lines . Before moving ahead , further data need to be collected and analysed to ensure their potential and viability . # Solar energy resources Niger enjoys high solar radiation conditions in all eight of its regions . Average solar radiation is 5-7 kWh/m2 per day ( figure 9 ) , and there are seven to ten hours of sunshine per day on average . April to August is the period of high insolation , when the diurnal variation between minimum and maximum radiation values is small . The lowest radiation values are observed in December and January . The rainy season coincides with the high solar radiation summer months . Although solar radiation levels are high in all four meteorological stations , there appears higher variability over the year in cities of Arlit and Agadez located in the northern and central regions respectively . Niamey and Zinder , located at lower latitudes , show less variability across the year , hence making them excellent locations for harnessing solar energy . There is a long history of solar energy use in Niger . This began in the mid-1960s when the Centre National d'Énergie Solaire ( National Solar Energy Centre ; CNES ) was established . Previously known as the Office de l ’ Energie Solaire ( Solar Energy Office ; ONERSOL ) , it had been set up to under take applied research on renewable energy and provide diagnostic studies on the use of renewable energy technologies for various sectors of the economy . It was also established to run training programmes in renewable energy systems . As part of this initiative , a factory was set up to assemble