Policy makers and executives should be equipped with the knowledge of the intricacies of designing renewable energy auctions and ensure they are successfully conducted . # WAPP effect West African regional power development work is progressing , and a number of transmission and rehabilitation projects have already been completed . Niger is expected to benefit from power imports and exports as a way to stabilise its power sector and create greater supply reliability . Moreover , renewable energy technologies can play a major role in developing an integrated power pool . This is because their share in the region could reach 52 % by 2030 if the cost of these technologies continues to fall and if fossil fuel prices remain volatile ( IRENA , 2013a ) . For low consumption countries such as Niger , this could represent a reduction in the long-run marginal cost ( LRMC ) of power by USD 0.02-0.07/kWh ( Eberhard et al. , 2011 ) . WAPP promises to usher in an era of cheaper and more secure power . That should be welcome , but cross-border power transmission will still require considerable investment , a high degree of collective ownership and coordination . This is new territory for public policy with limited precedence in Africa . Niger has mixed experiences of its electricity imports from Nigeria . The effect of an emerging highly interconnected power infrastructure on costs and reliability is uncertain . It is also important to consider the effect WAPP will have on rural areas , as most will continue to rely on decentralised systems . Further assessment will be needed to guide Nigerien policy makers on the benefits and costs of the WAPP interconnection system . They can then plan appropriately . # Political fragmentation Energy supports development and therefore cuts across ministerial and sector boundaries . Policy makers face energy supply and cost challenges as they aim to deliver positive outcomes for their respective sectors . The fractured responsibilities within Niger ’ s energy policy make the different government entities prone to turf battles . This indicates a lack of coordination among the departments involved . This tension is expected to rise with the discovery of oil and gas . There may be power struggles between those who see the transformative potential of renewables and those who supervise the fossil-fuel sector . This calls for a comprehensive energy policy that places sector requirements within a coherent framework . It requires policy makers to appreciate that a mix of technologies at different scales is the foundation for healthy energy governance in Niger , and to act on that basis . Central to the success of any energy policy is getting the governance structure right . Government players need to be willing to be part of a wider inter-ministerial dialogue on energy matters and build appropriate institutions that deliver results on the ground . Clearly , this will require some degree of policy experimentation and learning through doing . Ultimately , the