of action , sensitive to location . An organisation must be established to manage , develop and implement Niger ’ s rural renewable electrification strategy and programme . The proposed organisation must also create enabling conditions for the private sector , ensure effective implementation , and maintain quality assurance . This organisation needs to be a legal entity . It could fill several important gaps . The proposed organisation must aim to optimise the use of resources for rural electrification and maintain mechanisms already in place , while upholding important principles . These include equity , technology neutrality , high technical standards , poverty eradication and the protection of investor interests . Furthermore , provisions should be made within the renewable energy law to amend the country ’ s current tax policies on renewable energy technologies . Amendments would include reducing current import duties and VAT that affect the competitiveness of renewable energy . The rural electrification challenge is enormous and will require both external and domestic finance . Niger ’ s Renewables Readiness Assessment ( RRA ) drew attention to the importance of raising domestic finance , as well to calibrate internal investment with wider development goals . As the consultation process underscored , rural electrification should feature prominently within any such framework . Niger could consider raising funds to promote rural electrification from taxes on mineral and petroleum exploitation . Decentralised renewables , despite their comparative advantage in rural electrification in particular , are unsuitable for conventional financing because of their high transaction costs . In Niger , rural communities with little disposable income hardly feature as natural clients for conventional financial institutions . Soft loans can be attractive , requiring only a small sum as a down payment on the total price , with the rest being payable over a number of years . Therefore , grants from multilateral agencies or donors could be ring-fenced to mobilise soft loan schemes for household or community electrification . While this can not be considered a long-term solution to the challenge of raising funding , it could provide energy for social development needs . It may also serve to stimulate the renewables market in rural areas . The cost of each type of technology , including hybrid technologies , needs to be assessed and documented in the different regions of the country . This would provide a dynamic data system , assembling data on the range of technologies and their performance under different conditions . The diesel based mini-grid operated by NIGELEC offers a compelling case for hybridisation with renewable energy sources . Solar irradiation is abundant throughout the country . Detailed feasibility studies on hybridising the diesel mini-grids with solar PV would , therefore , help demonstrate the economics of these systems to potential investors . Niger will rely on technologies sourced from abroad for the foreseeable future . Technology imports must continue in tandem with efforts to upgrade innovation systems that will support domestic technology adoption and development