support from development partners . To better inform the development of the master plan , the country ’ s solar and wind economic potential needs to be adequately quantified . Although Niger ’ s power generation sector has been opened to IPPs , renewable power projects have not come forward . The development and expansion of the country ’ s renewable energy market partly depends on the creation of a favourable legal and regulatory framework . This would , among other things , reduce technical , legal and administrative barriers while increasing private-sector confidence . An overarching renewable energy law would create the right conditions . Such a law should provide guaranteed access to the grid and priority dispatch of renewable electricity generation . These are currently lacking in the grid code . Furthermore , the development of a standardised , bankable PPA would greatly support the evolution of renewable energy auctioning . Transaction costs , which currently reflect lengthy permitting and administrative procedures , could be greatly reduced by setting up a one-stop shop for the private sector dealing with renewable energy projects . Niger ’ s Public-Private Partnership ( PPP ) office , which has expressed the desire to promote solar power investments , could be mandated by the renewable energy law to become the permitting and licensing authority for all renewable energy projects . The law could also enshrine a bankable PPA model that would reduce the length and complexity of negotiations required with private sector for every investment . A model of this kind could open the door to self-producers and IPPs wishing to feed their electricity into the grid . It could also let in producers who wish to collaborate with utilities to hybridise existing fossil-fuel generators . PPP office capacities would need to be upgraded and streamlined , with clear , transparent administrative procedures being created for the private sector . Niger has been using auctions to select IPPs to provide power to the grid at competitive prices . Although these have for the most part been for conventional ( fossilfuel ) generators , the country can capitalise on this experience to design renewable energy auctions and support large-scale renewables deployment . Renewable energy auctions have already become a commonly used policy instrument in some countries . Such auctions have helped achieve largescale deployment in a cost-efficient and regulated manner , while allowing price discovery for renewable-energy based electricity through their inherent price competition , which also tends to boost the scale of competition . Niger needs a comprehensive energy policy that puts the needs and demands of rural communities at centre stage and provides clear guidance on how to achieve progress on rural energy services . The policy should confirm explicitly that rural communities need a bottom-up approach , due to their low energy demand and scattered nature . The comprehensive policy would bring together local development plans and information on resources , finance and skills , facilitating the design of coordinated plans