Off-grid wind power Wind power for rural electrification using stand-alone and mini-grid delivery systems has come a long way . Though this technology is not new , the learning curve in turbine and control technologies over the past two decades has been significant . As indicated in section 2 , the favourable wind regime across Niger can provide much needed power for rural communities , especially in the northern part of the country . However , work needs to be done to improve wind intelligence for energy resource assessments . It is also important to recognise that Niger ’ s experience is limited to a few cases of wind pumping . Wind energy for electrification is a new area for Niger . However , it could be significant if the country is able to prepare the ground for investment . Using available data from Agadez ( a northern urban area ) , a simple simulation was carried out to assess the potential that wind could play in off-grid electrification . The study looked at the cost involved to install a wind generator capable of delivering 1,000 kWh per day to a rural community with multiple loads . The study also looked different price scenarios ( i.e . USD 2,000/kW and USD 3,000/kW ) for a hybrid system combined with diesel over a 20-year timespan5 . As illustrated in figure 18 , the analysis demonstrated two points . Firstly , wind systems can potentially be cost-effective options . Levelised costs are USD 0.17-0.23/kWh . However , a significant upfront cost is incurred , and financing it will remain a challenge . Secondly , the analysis showed that the hybrid system , with a levelised cost of USD 0.25/kWh , did not perform as well as wind systems on its own . The northern regions tend to enjoy fairly good windy conditions and thus hybrid systems may not offer better answers for rural electrification . Yet the hybrid option provides the important advantage of lower initial cost compared to a single resource renewable system . It is worth noting that the hybrid option may offer other advantages in regions where the wind is not as strong or with a high degree of intermittency . This is because it would improve power output stability . # Off-grid PV water pumping Access to an improved water source refers to the percentage of the population with least 20 litres per person per day within 1 km of the dwelling from an improved source . This could be a household connection , public standpipe , borehole , protected well or spring , and rainwater collection . According to African Ministers ’ Council On Water ( AMCOW ) ( 2011 ) , Niger is still a long way from achieving the MDG targets for water supply . At present , water coverage extends to 48 % of the population - 39 % of the rural population and 96 % of the urban population . This leaves a