develop and invest in its energy system in a planned and systematic manner . At the moment , the rural electrification programme relies largely on international donors . However , Niger has begun to allocate funding to meet the cost of implementing decentralised renewable technologies for a range of social development needs . This effort could be extended to productive sectors in rural areas , since renewable energy systems , with their flexibility and scalability , are especially wellsuited to meeting rural energy demand . Niger possesses significant renewable energy resources to meet its present and future energy needs . The country is endowed with abundant solar energy resources , good biomass resources in its southern parts , and a modest wind regime , especially towards the north . These resources can be harnessed to bring higher-quality energy services to populations across the country . Niger was one of the first countries across the world to consider renewable energy technologies as a solution to its energy needs . This dates back to the 1960s , when Niger set up the Solar Energy Office ( Office de l ’ Energie Solaire – ONERSOL ) , later renamed the National Solar Energy Centre ( Centre National d'Énergie Solaire – CNES ) . ONERSOL was founded to undertake applied renewable energy research , provide diagnostic studies on renewable energy technology use , and run training programmes on renewable energy systems . Yet this ambitious and promising programme did not achieve its intended goal of creating a strong renewable energy technical capability for the West African region . This was because financial resources for sustaining the programme dried up and priorities shifted . The Government of Niger views providing reliable electricity and other basic energy services to all populations and parts of the country as a critical aspect of its inclusive economic transformation plans . It also recognises decentralised renewable energy options as a cost-effective alternative to grid expansion in many rural areas . The government electrification strategy has embraced both grid-based and off-grid options , although the main policy focus still remains on the former . # Key recommendations Niger needs to develop an energy policy that embraces renewables as part of a longer-term energy vision . The current strategy has set the objective of 10 % renewables ( excluding biomass ) in the national energy mix by 2020 . However , there are no specific guidelines or roadmap for reaching the target . This needs to be rectified , in order to provide sufficient substance to for the successive shorterterm targets needed to realise this goal . Additionally , work is about to begin in Niger to develop a master plan for the production and transmission of electricity , part of determining the country ’ s medium- to long-term investment priorities for developing the power sector ( up to 2035 ) . This offers a real opportunity to integrate renewable energy into future plans and also strengthen Niger ’ s case for