water-related MDG target gap of 32 % . Niger has an estimated 2.5bn m3 of underground renewable water , but only 20 % is currently exploited , according to the United Nations Children 's Fund . Hence , Niger has the potential to achieve universal access to water and sanitation , but financial resources are limited and institutions to help deliver this goal are weak . Hand pumps , diesel generators , PV systems and some wind pumps are in use . There are ongoing and upcoming projects in Niger to improve access to rural water services , and development partners and international institutions provide significant support to the government ’ s efforts . The government also recognises that part of the water challenge is rooted in the lack of energy technologies for pumping water to the endusers . Hence , high water coverage requires the introduction of new technologies and improvement of existing ones . As PV technologies are coming down in price , PV pumps are rapidly becoming more attractive than the traditional power sources such as diesel and gasoline driven systems . A life-cycle cost analysis conducted for Niger using country-specific data showed that over the longer term PV performs better than diesel for the same service ( Figure 19 ) . It also provides a more stable water supply6 . The high initial cost of the PV system compared to the diesel system is moderated when taking a longer-term perspective . This is because the running cost of the diesel system places a higher cost burden on users over the longer term . The levelised cost for the two PV system sizes indicated was USD 0.12-0.14/m3 of water delivered , while the diesel yielded USD 0.17-0.20/m3 . This illustrates how emerging trends in price and technology favours PV over diesel . This is likely to continue . A large percentage of Niger ’ s population works in subsistence farming , relying entirely on rainfall and therefore vulnerable to high climate variability . This form of agricultural practice is unsustainable as farmers are falling victim to recurrent droughts . Thus , the need to provide water services is not limited to the household sector . It also extends to the agricultural sector , which the government is eager to support to boost food security as well as diversify its trade . Thus the need for improved irrigation services will assume greater importance . Affordable and reliable energy for pumping water for irrigation could play a central role in improving the earnings of smallholders and transform rural economies . # Solar water heating Solar water heating has a long history in Niger . CNES was a central player , installing some 508 solar water heaters in 1976-1997 , with capacities of 200-1,000 litres per day . Most of these were installed in homes . However , this programme could not be sustained as the local currency went through a devaluation for imported components . Maintenance quality and cost