of regional trade would be smaller nations that lack domestic hydropower resources . For these countries , it is estimated that the cost savings generated by regional trade could repay the required investment in cross-border transmission in less than a year . This depends on neighbouring countries developing sufficient surplus power to export . In cooperation with ECREEE and the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , IRENA has created an energy system modelling tool for West African countries called energy system that meets various system requirements including reliability . At the same time , it takes into account the optimal economic configurations ( including both investment and operation costs ) of the system to meet daily and/or seasonally fluctuating demand . Using EREP , IRENA developed a transition scenario for the renewable power sector in ECOWAS countries . This shows that the share of renewable technologies in the region could increase from 22 % of electricity generation at present to as much as 52 % in 2030 ( IRENA , 2013a ) . More specifically , IRENA assessed the investment needed in addition to funds already committed to the present power supply infrastructure . This investment would mean integrating renewable technology generation into the grid , including off-grid power systems when technologically and economically feasible . Niger has long benefited from cross-border electricity exchange with Nigeria , obtaining electricity at low cost . On occasions , the negative aspects of its overdependence on Nigeria becomes clear when power interruptions occur due to technical problems . This draws attention to the vulnerability of Niger ’ s power sector . Niger would participate in both the generation and transmission priority projects in the region . Two power generation projects are planned that will feed into WAPP . These include a 400 MW coal-fired power plant due to come on stream by 2019 and a 500 MW gas-fired plant that will use the country ’ s newly discovered natural gas . The power generated from these plants will be channelled through the WAPP 330 kilovolt ( kV ) Nigeria-Niger interconnector . This also connects Burkina Faso via its left branch and Benin and Togo via its right . # Energy supply and demand in Niger Like all ECOWAS countries , Niger has a dual energy system containing co-existing traditional and modernised energy systems and practices . On the one hand , traditional biomass fuels and inefficient technologies dominate household energy needs . On the other , electricity and more refined fuels are also used in Niger as well as up-to-date appliances . However , these are mainly used in urban areas , where the energy picture is complex . The simultaneous use of biomass fuels , kerosene or LPG is common in urban areas , even in relatively high-income households . The fragmented nature of the energy system creates enormous difficulties for policy makers to overcome the energy challenge in an integrated manner TPES in Niger was about 91 petajoules [