ongoing Russia-Ukraine war , will be mitigated through advocacy for increased government cost-sharing and joint programming to do more with less . Environmental risks manifested in flooding , desertification and drought will be mitigated through early warning and by strengthening social and environmental-impact assessment monitoring of oil mining companies . 37 . Regular monitoring will be carried out and risks assessed regularly to ensure effective implementation of mitigation measures . Programme activities will apply the revised UNDP social and environmental standards to enhance programme quality and the enterprise risk management policy to conduct regular quality assurance and risk assessments throughout the programme cycle . UNDP will contribute to implementing United Nations security recommendations according to the results of the security risk assessment carried out by the country team . UNDP will rely on the risk control mechanism for early warning , information , communication and decision-making . 38 . UNDP will strengthen its strategies for knowledge management , partnerships , communication and resource mobilization , including diversifying its partnership base through strategic innovative advocacy and regular engagement with donors and partners . UNDP will design and implement a strengthened quality assurance plan incorporating spot-checks , audits and targeted appropriate capacity-building to support national partners . All staff and non-staff , vendors , implementing partners and responsible parties will be sensitized on fraud/corruption policy and related sanctions . Fraud and corruption risks will be fully and carefully considered in programme and project document design . Finally , the business continuity plan will be regularly updated and implemented drawing lessons from COVID-19 and its impact . # IV . Programme monitoring and evaluation 39 . An integrated monitoring and evaluation plan with indicators aligned with the UNDP Strategic Plan , 2022-2025 , the UNSDCF , 2023-2027 , and the Economic and Social Development Plan ( PDES ) , 2022-2026 , will ensure continuous monitoring to inform decisionmaking and to reach the programme ’ s targets . The choice of performance indicators for the programme were informed by analyses and recommendations of various evaluations carried out during the current country programme . 40 . Programme indicators , disaggregated by sex and age to the extent possible , will be integrated into the UNDP monitoring and knowledge-sharing system , as well as external communications for transparency , accountability , resource mobilization and visibility , including that of donors . UNDP will use adaptive management practices and proven innovative tools and methodologies , including online data collection mechanisms from beneficiaries and real-time participatory monitoring . Various strategies and multimedia communication tools will be used to share and promote results and to develop partnerships to strengthen advocacy activities for development issues . Traditional and social media will be used to tailor communication products to specific audiences . 41 . Regular joint monitoring across outcomes will be undertaken as part of the UNSDCF joint workplan through UNSDCF results groups ’ meetings , and through institutions responsible for implementing the programme as well as beneficiary representatives . 42