5 ) . Most of these are installed by government agencies , community-based organisations , telecommunication companies and NGOs . There is considerable scope for deploying PV for rural electrification in Niger . Depending on the load characteristics and resource availability , this could take the form of stand-alone PV , mini-grids or hybrid PV-diesel systems . The stand-alone systems are generally suitable for small loads whereas the other two are generally for meeting larger loads at community scale . Such schemes are vital for rural productivity as they provide continuous electricity . They sometimes combine two or more different kinds of technologies for generating and distributing electricity to a range of consumer types through an independent grid . Combining different technologies with different energy sources means the comparative advantage of each technology is exploited . For example , using renewable energy alongside a genset has proved to be the least cost option in many rural communities . This is because the benefits of each technology can be mutually complementary . A cost simulation was carried out for a typical village around Ayorou in Niger with a daily load of 585 kWh to meet a variety of end uses . These included community lighting , water pumps , lighting for homes , schools and clinics , and power for small businesses . Three options were evaluated4 : PV grid ( with battery storage ) as well as diesel and hybrid ( PV and diesel ) , using present Nigerien component and fuel prices . The life cycle cost result showed that both PV and the hybrid options compare favourably against the diesel option ( Figure 16 ) . This is true even at a low diesel price of USD 0.75 per litre ( l ) . Two observations can be made from the life cycle cost comparison . Firstly , the distribution of costs for the diesel option shows that 60 % of total costs are in the operating costs ( mainly fuel costs ) . For the PV option , on the other hand , over 75 % of total costs are capital costs . Clearly , this has major implications for rural communities in acquiring finance for PV systems . It brings all the more urgency to new business models , sound policy development and supportive institutions . For the diesel option , the risk is put off to a time when rising or falling prices could expose the plant to changes beyond user community control . There is little resilience and stability in the system . The second interesting observation relates to the hybrid system . This combines the best features of the two options . On the one hand , the reduced size of the PV system implies lower upfront costs . On the other , reduced diesel consumption means lower system vulnerability . In addition , the hybrid option ( without storage ) performs better . It has a levelised cost of USD 0.17/kWh against