will create good synergies and have a positive cumulative effect on the country ’ s readiness to scale up RE deployment . This report is structured in five substantive sections . Section 1 presents the introduction covering country background and a brief on the RRA process in Niger . Section 2 presents the renewable and general energy context in the region . It includes an overview of the energy sector in Niger , its challenges and an overview of RE potential and use . It also provides a detailed discussion of the electricity sector . Section 3 explores Niger ’ s energy institutions and the policy and regulatory framework as well as the conditions of financing and investment in the country . Section 4 presents the emerging concerns relating to solar/wind electricity ( on-grid ) , a range of decentralised ( offgrid ) applications as well as the biomass sector . Opportunities and constraints that affect deployment scale-up are discussed along with the RRA findings . Section 5 presents the recommended action necessary for scaling up RE in Niger . Annex I presents a detailed account of the recommended action identified by the RRA . # II . ENERGY CONTEXT # Regional context The total population of the ECOWAS region in 2011 was about 309 million and growing at an annual rate of about 2.6 % according to the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO , 2012 ) . Per capita GDP remains low by world levels at USD 983 , but the range within countries in the region is at USD 245-3171 . Real GDP growth has for the most part remained strong over the past decade . It reached 6.9 % in 2012 due to good rainfall and positive developments in the mining and petroleum sectors ( ECOWAS , 2013 ) . The energy system in West Africa is faced with a number of interrelated challenges : low energy access , insecure energy supply and growing environmental degradation . Total Primary Energy Consumption ( TPES ) in the region is about 155 million tonnes of oil equivalent ( MTOE ) p.a . ( ECREEE , 2012 ) . Fuelwood and charcoal account for the largest sources of energy , representing 77 % of primary energy consumption . Petroleum products in 2012 accounted for 22 M TOE of consumption , and as a whole the region consumes about 43 terawatt-hours ( TWh ) of electricity ( ibid ) . Sustained economic growth seen in the past few years has been accompanied by growing demand for a modernised energy infrastructure . This is creating pressure on governments to improve energy production to meet growing consumption . Access to electricity in the ECOWAS region is low at 42 % . Over 75 % of those with access live in urban areas , leaving some 77 % with no access to electricity ( ECREEE , 2012 ) . There are variations between countries . Some are doing better