participation of youth , women and persons living with disabilities in conflict management mechanisms and decision-making bodies to fulfil their role in citizen control and oversight . 26 . In response to the national policy on modernization of government services for a more effective civil service and transformed State structure , UNDP will prioritize the security of territories through a mutual security and civilian coordination mechanism and funding . 27 . To strengthen the rule of law , security , human rights and gender , UNDP will continue to work with national counterparts to provide an integrated , gender , age and conflict-sensitive programme to strengthen the social contract and build peace . Pilot projects such as the Stabilization Facility for Liptako-Gourma and the Lake-Chad-Basin , have laid the foundation to develop a national reintegration strategy for former members of non-state armed groups to strengthen community resilience in Southern Maradi . UNDP will support interventions aimed at strengthening the peace and security architecture to enhance cross-border coordination and conflict-prevention mechanisms . These combined approaches improve security , strengthen social cohesion and contract , and provide sustainable socioeconomic opportunities for youth and women . 28 . A human rights-based approach that works with rights-holders and duty-bearers , and draws on the principle of fulfilling economic , social and environmental rights , will underpin the governance pillar . This includes integrating a gender and disability dimension into the design , implementation and monitoring of policies , as women and persons with disabilities are more negatively affected by climate change , environmental degradation and crises due to food insecurity , loss of livelihoods , and the resultant increase in domestic violence . 29 . UNDP will support national efforts to deepen impartiality , accountability , efficiency , innovation and digitalization of political and legal institutions as well as local and central entities . UNDP will strengthen legal and regulatory frameworks in line with international norms and standards . These objectives will be ensured by : ( a ) building capacity of the permanent Electoral Commission ( CENI ) ; ( b ) improving access to justice for vulnerable populations by setting up legal clinics and building capacity of legal actors ; ( c ) establishing a multidimensional legal and administrative database for faster processing of legal cases ; ( d ) improving detention conditions , living environments in prisons , and socioeconomic reintegration of former prisoners ; ( e ) strengthening quality basic public services and ensuring better distribution and accessibility over the national territory using an integrated approach to implementing regional and local planning ; ( f ) strengthening the capacities of administrative actors and developing a PADC to promote grassroots development aligned with good governance ; and ( g ) strengthening regional coordination to develop synergy between stakeholders . 30 . To contribute to improved national development management , UNDP will continue its strategic support to and monitoring of the implementation of the national development plan , including the SDGs .