File Name : NER-NREP-2013-EN Year : 2013 Country Name : Niger Country Code : NER Category : NREP Document Title : NIGER RENEWABLES READINESS ASSESSMENT 2013 Exists ? : Y Publication Date : 2013 Start Year : 2013 End Year : 2035 Language : EN -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- NIGER RENEWABLES READINESS ASSESSMENT 2013 . # EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Niger is a landlocked country in West Africa and a member of the Economic Community of West African States ( ECOWAS ) . It has a surface area of 1,267,000 square kilometres ( km2 ) , and population of 16 million with an annual growth rate of 3.3 % . Over the past ten years , the Nigerien economy grew at an average rate of 5 % , but only grew 2.3 % in 2011 , because of a poor harvest and a severe food grain shortage . However , it bounced back in 2012 , growing by 13 % , according to the African Development Bank . The economy is dominated by agriculture , forestry and livestock , which contribute 43 % of gross domestic product ( GDP ) and employ about 80 % of the country ’ s workforce . The energy balance in dominated by biomass , which represents 79 % of total energy consumption and meets 83 % of household energy needs , followed by petroleum products ( 18 % ) and mineral coal for electricity generation ( 3 % ) . Renewables other than biomass remain negligible at less than 1 % . The energy sector in Niger is at a critical crossroads . The country has recently discovered oil and gas . This will contribute to widening energy access and allow the country to solve the enormous problem of household energy access through a liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) programme . Niger also aims to move towards greater electricity security by investing in domestic power production , thereby reducing its dependence on imports from Nigeria . However , Niger ’ s energy demand is growing rapidly , and significant pent-up demand continues to be felt from businesses and socio-economic development sectors , which continue to experience shortages and blackouts . To address this , Niger needs to explore a variety of technological options to diversify its energy supply base and build stability in the energy sector . This would include harnessing the country ’ s significant renewable energy resources and accelerating their exploitation to power the growing economy . The government recognises the important role renewable energy will play in Niger ’ s future energy infrastructure , providing input to both centralised and decentralised systems . Policies are currently being developed and relevant laws drafted to create the governance structure required for a credible energy access and security programme . Like in most countries in the region , the energy sector in Niger is characterised