developing , negotiating and monitoring PPP project implementation . Abdou Moumouni University is mandated by the government to carry out basic research and offers a certificate of advanced studies in solar energy . It has a chair in renewable energy recently set up by UNESCO . # Energy policies and regulatory framework To forge a strategic pathway , the Nigerien authorities need to reconcile short-term imperatives for solving urgent concerns with long-term plans capable of optimizing natural and human resources for sustainable development . Niger ’ s new Plan de Développement Economiqueet Social 2012-2015 – PDES , the Economic and Social Development Plan , is the frame of reference for interventions under the government ’ s medium-term development agenda . It is aligned with the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) . To this end , it builds on progress made in implementing the Accelerated Development and Poverty Reduction Strategy ( ADPRS ) . Energy infrastructure to sustain long-term economic growth is one of the important pillars of PDES . Renewable energy deployment will help widen energy access for poverty reduction and develop local economies , particularly in rural areas . There are four recent policies and strategies that directly affect the Nigerien energy sector . Declaration de Politique Energétiques – DPE , the 2004 Energy Policy Statement , the national electricity reform ( 2003-4 ) , three national energy strategies on renewable energy , energy access and domestic energy ( 2004 ) and Programme National de Reference d ’ Accès aux Services Energétiques - PRASE , the 2010 National Reference Programme on Access to Energy Services . Declaration de Politique Energétique 2004 . This was adopted by Decree no . 2004-338/PRN/MME on 28 October 2004 . It stipulates the need to ensure a reliable and adequate energy supply at affordable prices as an important component of the country ’ s social and economic development . DPE highlights that Niger is endowed with its own significant energy resources and needs to mobilise internal and external resources to harness them . Specifically , the policy advocates ( i ) the promotion of renewable energy and ( ii ) national energy resource improvement to help raise household energy access particularly in rural areas . National strategies on domestic and renewable energy , rural electrification , oil research promotion , and potential hydropower assessments would support this process ( MME , 2004b ) . The policy has been a major step towards the introduction of renewable energy systems . A series of follow-up strategies were developed . Electricity reform 2003-2004 . The electricity sector was reformed in 2003-4 and the Electricity Code was enshrined into law through Decree no . 2003-2004 . This was intended to govern the production , transmission , distribution , import and export of power . The terms of the code created the conditions for IPPs to play a role in the future development of the power sector . To this effect , the code asserts that ‘ the