people to live in peace , be resilient to crises and shocks , and for internally displaced persons to return to their villages of origin safely and decently while benefitting from the positive impact of inclusive growth , development and shared prosperity . 14 . To implement these programme priorities , UNDP will develop technical partnerships with the Government , United Nations , development partners , the private sector , and civil society and local communities . The strength of the United Nations system in Niger will be leveraged in the UNSDCF through which UNDP will deliver on shared outcomes with other United Nations organizations in the two programme pillars . Priority areas ( Lake-Chad-Basin , LiptakoGourma , Maradi , Dosso and Zinder ) and the most vulnerable populations , including youth and women , will be targeted . UNDP will continue its strategic collaboration to mobilize technical and financial partners , as well as national resources , in support of socioeconomic development initiatives and by leveraging the humanitarian-development-peace-climate nexus . Multisectoral and multidisciplinary ways of working , given the diverse opportunities in Niger and at its frontiers , will be integral to the programme . Lessons from the current country programme will inform scaled-up , tailored local solutions to encourage youth employment ( boys and girls ) by promoting innovation , digitalization and green jobs . 15 . UNDP will fulfil its facilitator of integrated solutions role , including the extension of the United Nations flagship regional stabilization strategy , by providing advisory and technical support to the Resident Coordinator and the country team . Stabilization , as a critical piece of the humanitarian-development-peace-climate nexus will help realize rights and address needs , vulnerabilities , risks , and drivers/underlying causes of conflict over the long term . Every effort will be deployed to cooperate , exchange information and coordinate with the United Nations humanitarian and security country-level teamsto avoid duplication and achieve coherence with humanitarian , development and security strategies . 16 . UNDP will provide thought leadership , advisory and technical support in other areas by : ( a ) creating integrated platforms to accelerate SDG achievement , including establishing an integrated SDG database with UN-Info 2.0 ; ( b ) mobilizing SDG-financing innovative modes through the integrated national financing framework ; ( c ) promoting data-driven integrated development solutions and strengthening national statistical systems and capabilities ; ( d ) facilitating knowledge and technology transfer through South-South and triangular cooperation , including the accelerated community development programme ( PADC ) ; ( e ) providing a combination of high-level strategic advice and programmatic interventions , including to address the lingering effects of COVID-19 ; ( f ) continuing to mainstream conflict sensitivity , gender and human rights ; and ( g ) managing knowledge and innovation and developing strategic communication to mobilize and administer domestic , international , public and private resources . # Pillar 1 : Rural transformation and climate change 17 . Under this pillar