other energy sources are remote , non-biomass appliances have a high investment cost , the technology is unsuitable for local conditions . There have been significant recent developments that may transform the cooking and heating landscape . This is the emergence of important players like the Global Alliance for Clean Cookstoves ( GACC ) . This is beginning to mobilise global and national institutions and resources to solve this problem . At the same time , a new generation of advanced and more effective biomass cookstoves is showing signs of commercial viability . Meanwhile , new business models are coming through that will generate new sales . These developments show plenty of promise , but the path to large-scale adoption faces many barriers . These include institutional , technical , consumer , finance and national development priorities . These all exist in Niger to a varying degree depending on the social and economic group . # Biogas as a potential cooking resource Numerous discussions and initiatives exist in Niger involving improved cookstoves , sustainable wood harvesting and biofuels . However , the RRA focused on biogas , largely because there is positive experience in this technology , and biogas offers benefits beyond cooking . Nigerien experience in biogas dates as far back as 1980 under a project by INRAN . Ten facilities were installed by INRAN in collaboration with the French organisation GERDAT . Another five were installed through Chinese cooperation to produce biogas for cooking , lighting and electricity in combination with diesel fuel for electricity production . These facilities were abandoned by the beneficiaries due to lack of maintenance . The failures observed were of a technical and socio-economic nature . A feasibility study was carried out in Niger to set up a national biogas programme . This planned to establish 15,000 rural biodigesters over five years for a total of USD 3.45m around the river Niger , rich in water resources . The following financial arrangement was planned : a grant of 40 % from the Dutch Cooperation , 55 % from recipients who had to be engaged with a microfinance institution and 5 % from the state . Unfortunately this programme failed to materialise because the microfinance institutions did not want to engage in the energy sector . They asked for a guarantee from the state to back the risk if their investment did not yield the expected returns . In trying to understand the potential of biogas in rural areas , it is worth analysing the economic impacts by calculating and comparing the cooking costs . The analysis below makes a comparison of the costs of various stove types where the value of the fuel used is calculated first . The comparison is between collected fuelwood and biogas . In the case of wood , the average fuel collection time per month is multiplied by the national wage rate using a per capita income estimate for Niger . World Bank figures of USD 160 p.a