control were other factors that led to the demise of this programme . However , there was never any doubt that solar water heating systems can contribute significant energy savings for businesses and large institutions . The technology is mature , simple to repair and replicate , and heats water cost-effectively . The CNES programme was motivated by the fact that major hot water users could make significant financial savings by switching from diesel and electric water heating to solar heating systems . The most common type of solar water heater in Niger incorporates a 2m2 flat-plate solar collector and a 200 litre storage tank . It has a payback period of less than 2-3 years . Based on these experiences , the viability of solar water heaters in the resource and economic context of Niger is convincing . A domestically produced ( refurbished ) solar heater with a typical 200 litre load and capital cost of about USD 1,000 has a payback period of under three years . This is for a system with a 20-year lifetime ( Figure 20 ) . Imported systems , which fetch USD 2,000 in the Nigerien market , pay back within less than four years . Hence , continuing to rely on grid electricity or diesel means more expensive water heating services . A shift towards solar systems means grid electricity could be freed up for other end uses or could satisfy suppressed demand in various sectors . The CNES experience indicates a robust national promotions programme and skills development is critical to mainstreaming the technology . Capacity development is not a single intervention but a process that needs to envisage the long-term picture and be integrated into a broader innovation policy . This requires long-term planning and investment . It has to be framed into a comprehensive policy framework stimulating the emergence of new regulations . These have a specific mandate for different sectors ( industrial , tourism and households ) to install solar water heaters . # Recommendations The RRA has highlighted that the contribution of off-grid renewable systems to the energy mix in Niger is growing . It is also important to note that decentralised renewable energy development in Niger will not provide all the answers to universal access . However , given the dispersed population and type of economic activities , decentralised systems are part of the solution . Some specific findings from the RRA relevant to decentralised energy systems in Niger are outlined below . # Importance of a comprehensive energy policy for rural energy Niger needs a comprehensive energy policy that puts the needs and demands of rural communities centre stage and provides clear guidance on how to make progress . The policy should also be explicit that rural communities need a bottom-up strategy due to their low energy demand and scattered nature . This would bring together local development plans and information on resources , finance and skills in order to design a coordinated plan of