Emphasis will be placed on post-COVID-19 economic recovery towards achieving green , inclusive , sustainable and integrated economic reconversion within the framework of implementing AfCFTA . A cross-cutting , participatory approach will be adopted to ensure national ownership to help scale up interventions and ensure achievement of expected results based on catalytic interventions with lasting effects . # III . Programme and risk management 31 . This country programme document outlines UNDP contributions to national results and serves as the primary unit of accountability to the Executive Board for results alignment and resources assigned to the programme at country level . Accountabilities of managers at the country , regional and headquarter levels with respect to country programmes is prescribed in the organization ’ s programme and operations policies and procedures and the internal control framework . 32 . The programme will be nationally executed . If necessary , national execution may be replaced by direct execution for part or all the programme to enable response to force majeure . The harmonized approach to cash transfers ( HACT ) will be used in a coordinated fashion with other United Nations organizations to manage financial risks . Cost definitions and classifications for programme and development effectiveness will be charged to the concerned projects . 33 . UNDP will strengthen and adapt its technical , programmatic , operational and organizational capacities to ensure efficient delivery of the programme . Resources will be used effectively through financial management controls , a sound internal control framework and improved cost recovery mechanisms . 34 . The programme and project steering and technical committees will enable national partners to fully take part in planning and management activities , ensuring full ownership of the programme and the sustainability of results achieved . A portfolio approach will be prioritized to optimize project management and resources while promoting better integration of results . UNDP will collaborate with new partners such as universities , research institutes and private sector . To ensure the sustainability of changes , the roles and capacities of local partners and actors will be strengthened and prioritized , including their stronger involvement in the design phase . 35 . The programme is likely to encounter a range of interconnected risks , including security risks such as increased violence in borderlands , social and political instability resulting from a deterioration in the socioeconomic and political situations , marginalization , youth radicalization and gender-based violence , especially of women , with disruptive impact . UNDP will increase coordination and continuous monitoring and surveillance with the United Nations Department of Safety and Security and through civil-military coordination . It will scale up early warning systems in stabilization facilities which have proven effective for conflict settings . 36 . Operational risks include UNDP internal processes and limited capacity of government institutions and national partners to swiftly implement programmes and apply HACT rules and procedures . Financing risks due to the contraction of the global economy , resulting from COVID-19 and the