plan Part of the difficulty of appreciating Niger ’ s deep energy crisis is explained by almost non-existent national planning on current and future energy demands . The forthcoming master plan is welcome and long overdue . It needs to help define short , medium and long-term access targets supported by technology-specific targets within predefined geographic areas for off-grid electrification . The limited energy resource assessments already available show that Niger enjoys sufficient resources to make major progress in meeting energy access targets , especially solar and to some degree wind . Renewable energy options like solar and wind should feature prominently in the master plan . # Improve R & D : revitalise CNES Niger will rely on sourcing technologies from abroad for the foreseeable future . This will need to continue in tandem with efforts to upgrade innovation systems that will support domestic technology adoption and development . However , cheap solar panels and components are entering the Nigerien market from neighbouring countries , with no institutionalised quality assurance and standard schemes . This does not help the reputation of these technologies , still in their early stages , when systems break down . CNES could play an important role in supporting the development of renewable energy technology standards and certification schemes for installers as part of the industry ’ s revitalisation . This increases end-user confidence in the technologies deployed . A programme of this kind would have the additional benefit of creating new skilled jobs throughout the value chain from small distributors to installers , maintainers and end-users . # Load shedding : an opportunity for renewables Power cuts are costly and weigh heavily on the economy , both in Niger and across the whole of Africa . The widespread response from wealthier households and businesses is to find alternative solutions – i.e . gensets . There has been a noticeable increase in the sales of gensets in Niger since 2010 due to recurrent load shedding and generation problems in Nigeria . However , there are no official data on the number of gensets in Nigerien households . This is a problem from the perspective of national energy planning . Lack of data on this suppressed demand makes it difficult to plan . But this presents an opportunity for PV systems because load shedding difficulties are deep-seated structural problems and unlikely to be resolved immediately . Many in Niamey are already using solar to cope with rolling blackouts . However , in most of these cases this is a form of crisis management rather than a more permanent solution to energy dilemmas . The electricity code ( article 7 ) allows one or more natural persons or corporate entities to build and operate private electrical installations to the satisfaction of their own needs . Nigerien policy makers could encourage individuals and businesses to become self-producers . This would solve the user ’ s immediate energy problems and help boost the renewable energy market . This market