using auctions to select IPPs to provide power to the grid at competitive prices . Although these have for the most part been conventional ( fossil fuel ) generators , the country can capitalise on this experience to design renewable energy auctions supporting large-scale renewables deployment . Renewable energy auctions have already become a popular policy instrument in some countries . They help achieve large-scale deployment in a cost-efficient and regulated manner and allow price discovery of renewable energy based electricity due to the inherent price competition ( IRENA , 2013c ) . Policy makers designing auctions should investigate the pros and cons of each type and determine the most appropriate for the country ( sealed bid auctions , reverse clock auctions and hybrid auctions ) . They should also clearly determine the capacity to be deployed and the numbers of bid rounds to be conducted . This has an impact on the scale of competition . They also need to streamline and create clear , transparent administrative procedures for all bidders . Finally , they should provide guarantees and penalties to minimise risks including underbidding , delays and completion failure ( Ibid ) . # Long-term planning Work is about to begin on a master plan for the production and transmission of electricity , with the assistance of the World Bank . The principal objective of the master plan is to define short , medium and longterm investment priorities ( 2013-2035 ) for developing the power sector . This exercise offers a real opportunity for the architects of the master plan to integrate renewable energy into short , medium and long-term plans . This is likely to stimulate investment interest and acts as a basis for developing a portfolio of bankable projects . Meaningful integration of renewables into the plan would be useful to the private sector and also strengthen Niger ’ s case for support from development partners . # Setting renewable energy targets The current strategy has set the objective of 10 % renewables ( excluding biomass ) in the national energy mix by 2020 . However , there are no specific guidelines or roadmap for reaching this target . This needs to be rectified to provide sufficient substance to these targets for the realisation of this goal . The RRA makes clear that the vision set out by the energy policy , and indeed the broader development policy of the country , needs to be complemented by concrete studies and analysis . These show how these targets would be achieved , who they will reach and what the cost implications are likely to be . The master planners should consider incorporating these requirements , since the RRA has demonstrated that they have strong political acceptance . # Enabling environment Although Niger ’ s power generation sector was opened to IPPs , renewable power projects have not come forward . The development and expansion of the country ’ s renewable energy market partly depends on the creation