and reliable energy services . Power sector reforms in 2004 were supposed to contribute to the recovery of costs and performance improvements in Niger . However , at USD 0.158/kWh , Niger ’ s consumers pay approximately USD 0.07/kWh more than citizens in the average African country that rely heavily on thermal power systems ( Eberhard , et al. , 2011 ) . However , tariffs are lower than in some countries in the subregion such as Burkina Faso , Benin ( USD 0.20/kWh ) and Senegal ( USD 0.24/kWh ) . These tariffs therefore do not allow the utility to recover costs incurred from the sale of power . Indeed in 2011 , for example , revenues from power sales amounted to USD 90.5m ( with a recovery rate of 102 % ) against operating expenses of USD 100m . This clearly demonstrates that present tariff structures do not reflect costs . The overwhelming majority of those who remain unserved by the grid live in villages very far away from national grid lines . The cost of transmission lines to these communities with low electricity demand could amount to USD 20,000-120,000/ km , which in many cases is not financially viable . Furthermore , grid connection fees cost USD 102-145 in Niger . This is far too expensive for low-income households without appropriate financial support . Niger needs substantial investments in system modernisation , but more importantly , in new generation plants , as well as transmission and distribution facilities . A parallel strategy will be important to meet the needs of remote communities that use little energy . Niger has considerable conventional and renewable energy resource potential . It therefore has the opportunity to create a more cost-effective grid and off-grid renewable energy supply system . This can play a major role in reducing dependency on imported power and increasing access to energy services . The practical solutions may appear obvious , but Niger will need to develop the policy framework and incentives to accommodate new business models and new domestic and external energy investment . # Renewable energy resource potential and use The energy sector in Niger faces some formidable challenges and new opportunities . Its resource constraints in the energy sector have undermined economic and social development goals . Rural communities face a particular challenge . Widespread poverty , low incomes , limited scope for moving beyond subsistence activities and the inherent disadvantage of the grid ’ s remoteness create structural obstacles to rural development . Niger ’ s untapped renewable energy potential provides opportunities for transforming urban and rural livelihoods . Given its geographic and climatic conditions , Niger could develop a diverse portfolio of renewable energy technologies . Niger has an excellent renewable energy resource profile . There are considerable solar energy resources and a moderate wind regime for electricity and mechanical power towards the North . There is modest hydro and biomass potential towards the South . A summary of the resource and