negotiating a PPA for a 20 MW solar plant with a French company . However , this project is facing opposition due to the proposed price of USD 0.165/kWh , which is significantly higher than imports from Nigeria but lower than the utility domestic generation costs . With regards to other solar energy technologies , solar water heaters are used in Niger in some schools , clinics and households . The country also has domesticallyproduced water heaters and solar dryers that are cheaper than imported systems , but their quality is often of lower standard . # Wind energy resourceS A wind energy resource study was conducted in the 1990s by the University of Waterloo ( Canada ) and the Institut National de Recherche Agronomique du Niger ( INRAN ) , the National Institute for Agronomy Research . The study concluded that average wind speeds of 2-6 metres per second ( m/s ) are obtained at a height of 10 metres , but wind speeds at hub height ( e.g. , 50 metres ) are usually 20-100 % higher , warranting further investigation . Wind speed is moderate in the southeast of the country at less than 4 m/s , but rises to an average of over 5 m/s towards the northern part of the country ( Figure 12 ) . Wind regimes are very site-specific , requiring detailed site studies . However , it is clear that the relatively high wind speed in some parts of the country means electricity production makes sense . The problem is that the high investment cost is not justified because many of these parts of Niger are uninhabited or sparsely populated and lack electricity infrastructure . However , further studies may identify favourable sites in the more populated parts of the south and southeast . For example , the general wind regime in Zinder , provided in figure 13 , gives cause for conducting further evaluation . There is no experience of wind energy projects in Niger . Much of the limited experience is restricted to rural water pumping projects . There are at present about 30 small-scale wind pumping installations , which are installed by donor funding and to a lesser extent community financing . # Biomass resources Niger lacks adequate information on forest cover and biomass potential . Much of the data are either dated or fragmented , covering isolated mountain areas or river basins . Estimates by the Food and Agriculture Organisation ( FAO ) , however , indicate a forest inventory of 16 million hectares ( ha ) or about 2 % of the country ’ s land area . Within this total , 600,000 ha accounts for natural forests , 4.4m ha for converted forest and 11m ha for marginal forest land ( less than 5 % forest cover ) . Woody biomass productivity is estimated at 0.1-1.5 m3/ha per annum . Given the dominance of energy biomass in Niger , often freely harvested from surrounding areas ,