# Financing and investment State-backed companies have primarily led finance and investment in the energy sector . These include NIGELEC and SONICHAR , self-generators such as SORAZ and SOMINA and the IPP Aggreko . The bulk of the funding sourced by statebacked companies is obtained through development partners and institutions . These include the African Development Bank , Islamic Development Bank , World Bank , West African Development Bank and other donors . Although the generation sector has been open to the private sector since 2003 with the enactment of the Electricity Code , only one IPP , Aggreko , has entered the market . That was in 2012 . The lack of investment in power generation can be mainly attributed to the low cost of electricity imports ( USD 0.04/kWh ) from neighbouring Nigeria , accounting for about 70 % of the national electricity grid mix . A study was commissioned by the Executive Secretariat of CNEDD on the renewable energy sector . Its findings showed that the country experienced a cumulative solar PV investment amounting to USD 23.89m in 2005-2010 . More than 90 % of this investment was made by development partners . Meanwhile , investment in solar thermal and energy efficiency were entirely made by households and businesses . Each amounted to less than USD 1m over the same period . Niger ’ s tendency to rely on external financial resources to get the energy sector moving is confirmed in the PDES . The 2012– 2015 energy priority action plan supporting the country 's economic growth is expected to be mostly sourced from technical and financial partners ( Table 4 ) . However , the government began to allocate a national budget in 2012 for the promotion of rural electrification . It budgeted USD 0.8m for 2012 and 2013 . This is expected to increase to USD 6m p.a until 2016 . Nevertheless , internal mechanisms to mobilise resources exist , such as the Energy Fund and the tax on electricity . The Energy Fund consists of monies collected through a levy of USD 0.007 on every litre of oil product sold at the pump . This is at present used to subsidise LPG and oxygen in hospitals . The tax on electricity ( TSE ) established by Act 72-05 of February 12 , 1972 was set at USD 0.004 per kWh consumed . Its aim is to contribute to financing grid extension . The resources collected through this tax are managed by ANFICT and amount to approximately USD 2m p.a . A renewable energy law is currently being drafted under which the reallocation of part of these funds to rural electrification and renewable energy promotion is envisaged . The draft also considers ploughing a portion of revenues generated by mineral resource exploitation into the country ’ s renewable energy programme . In 2012 , a law on PPPs was adopted . This law allows a public entity to contract a private entity for the development