on sustainable natural resources management with ministries responsible for environment , agriculture , livestock , water resources , humanitarian action , disaster management , and women and youth promotion in collaboration with FAO , UNEP and the United Nations Capital Development Fund ( UNCDF ) on unlocking sources of private finance . UNDP will support interventions to increase farming incomes and diversification of the rural economy to reduce rural household vulnerability to climate change and natural disasters . This growth must allow achievement of zero hunger by revitalizing traditional methods of farming , particularly in rain-fed areas . PADC will respond to a pressing need from the Government for the development of value chains , an export base , and the priorities of the most vulnerable populations living in areas affected by socioeconomic , security , health and climate shocks . 21 . UNDP will encourage development dialogue with Parliament , the private sector and civil society organizations ( CSOs ) . 22 . UNDP will strengthen institutional and community capacities for disaster risk reduction and management in the post-COVID-19 recovery context . This will entail strengthening the institutional framework for disaster risk reduction and post-disaster recovery support ; improving national and local multi-risk early warning systems ; and mapping risk areas and damage assessment for better disaster management to achieve greater resilience and sustainable inclusive growth . 23 . These activities will be implemented through joint United Nations programmes and strategic partnerships with international financing institutions , line ministries , local partners and CSOs , among others . They will aim to ensure creation of sustainable income-generating value chains , emphasizing UNDP comparative advantages in facilitating entrepreneurship , production , creating economic opportunities , and sustainably developing business skills to reduce economic disparities due to location , gender and age . 24 . To effectively plan responses and strengthen adaptive capacities of communities exposed to disasters and natural risks , a recovery plan based on thorough knowledge of risks and the principle of building back better will be key . Strategic partnerships with current partners will be consolidated , and new partnerships with the World Bank and bilateral donors will be developed . # Pillar 2 : Governance ( peace , security , stabilization ) 25 . Under this pillar , UNDP prioritizes participatory , inclusive , equitable , accountable and transparent governance . Major components are : ( a ) strengthening the legal , judicial and regulatory framework and its operationalization ; ( b ) improving governance and operational systems throughout the national territory of entities responsible for security , stabilization , social cohesion and peacebuilding ; ( c ) consolidating national political institutions , including the electoral management body to guarantee impartiality and accountability ; ( d ) strengthening central and local governance for more efficiency , innovation and digitization , allowing for competent and harmonized management of development ; ( e ) supporting trade regulation and competitiveness to leverage AfCFTA ; and ( f ) increasing