and solar ( 2 % ) . As shown in table 1 , the national installed capacity of less than 175 MW includes the NIGELEC 83 MW thermal power station . It also includes a 36 MW coal-fired power plant run by the Nigerien Anou Araren Coal Company ( SONICHAR ) and the AGGREKO 15 MW thermal power plant . Furthermore , the two Independent Power Producers ( IPPs ) SORAZ ( a refinery ) and SOMINA ( a uranium mining company ) produce 23 MW and 15 MW respectively to meet their electricity needs ( Figure 4 ) . Installed PV capacity amounts to about 4 MW and meets a variety of end uses . Approximately 47 % of the electricity produced is consumed by households . Industry uses around 39 % , commercial entities and services 13 % and agroprocessing 1 % ( Oumarou , 2012 ) . Niger does not generate sufficient electricity to meet the growing need for power from its population of 16 million . It has historically relied on imported power from Nigeria following an agreement in 1977 , and this provides 80-90 % of its national electricity requirements . Niger ’ s dependence on imported power is illustrated in figure 5 . The preferential rate of electricity from Nigeria at USD 0.04/kWh partly explains this continued trend . It amounts to a 50 % subsidy for every unit of power imported ( Eberhard , et al. , 2011 ) , as consumers in Nigeria purchase electricity at USD 0.08/kWh . This agreement is therefore not certain to last and it leaves Niger vulnerable to any tariff adjustments made by Nigerian authorities . The heavy reliance on Nigeria for electricity can potentially undermine the resilience of Niger ’ s energy system , as in 2008 and 2010 . Erratic power supplies from Nigeria prompted Niger ’ s government to gradually reduce its reliance on Nigeria by purchasing new diesel-powered generators . However , these interventions appear to be emergency responses driven by necessity to act rather than part of a longer-term strategy of energy selfreliance . # Transmission and distribution The electrical transmission network in Niger is divided into five zones ( Figure 6 ) . These consist of : i ) the River Zone fed by the 132 kV interconnection line from BirninKebbi ( Nigeria ) to Niamey ( Niger ) with a contractual power of 120 MW ii ) the Niger Centre East ( NCE ) Zone which brings together the regions of Zinder , Maradi and Tahoua , powered by the 132 kV interconnection line from Katsina ( Nigeria ) to Gazaoua ( Niger ) with a power contract of 60 MW with Nigeria iii ) the Northern Zone which includes the towns of Agadez , Arlit and Tchirozerine , as well as mining companies , fed from the SONICHAR coal plant and a central thermal diesel in Agadez with an installed capacity of 37 MW iv ) the Diffa Zone