of public infrastructure . A special office was opened within the Prime Minister ’ s cabinet to supervise the implementation of the PPP law . The aim is to support technical ministries and public administration in elaborating and negotiating PPP projects . # Incentives The investment code grants continual legal protection to private investors in energy production involved in promoting programmes contributing to the social and economic development of the country . Under the code , foreign investments are protected against expropriation and/ or nationalisation . The code provides three privileged regimes and advantages in the first five years , depending on the amount invested : Category A ( also known as the promotional category ) is for investments of USD 100,000-200,000 . Exemptions are divided in two areas , implementation and operations . During the implementation phase , investors are completely exempt from : • Duties and taxes including VAT on imported materials and equipment , provided that these are not available locally • Duties and taxes including VAT on consulting work and services related to the implementation of the approved investment programme . During the operational phase , investors are completely exempt from : • Licence • Property tax or estate tax • Tax on industrial and commercial profits and the minimum tax Category B ( also known as the priority category ) is for investments of USD 200,000-1,000,000 . Investors in this category benefit from the same advantages as those in category A but are also accorded the following : • Exemption from duties and taxes ( excluding VAT ) on raw materials , consumables and imported or locally produced packaging where there is no availability in the local market • Exemption from duties and taxes on product exports Category C ( also known as the conventional category ) is for investments of over USD 1,000,000 . Investors in this category may also benefit from the same advantages as the previous category . In addition , they have the possibility of claiming a 50 % reduction on fuel duties and taxes and any other source of energy used in fixed equipment based on an annual agreement . # IV . OPPORTUNITIES FOR THE DEPLOYMENT OF RENEWABLE ENERGY IN NIGER Opportunities to develop the renewables sector in Niger are explored in this section . The different subsections focus on different resources and conversion technologies , known here as service-resource pairs . In each subsection , the status of each particular subsector is reviewed . This is followed by the problems that need to be solved and concludes with a list of action points recommended by the RRA . # Grid-connected renewable energy options Reliable and affordable electricity is a prerequisite for transformative development . The grid remains an important means for reaching large numbers of people cost-effectively , and extending the grid is by far the most common way to provide power to communities . In Niger , the grid offers a significant opportunity to broaden access to