The electricity sector was reformed in 2003 . One important change was the adoption of the Electricity Code in 2004 . The terms of the code paved the way for IPPs , breaking up the monopoly NIGELEC had enjoyed for electricity generation , transmission and distribution since its establishment . However , IPPs were still required to sell their surpluses through NIGELEC , which remained responsible for transmission and distribution . This new arrangement treats SONICHAR as an IPP . It sells electricity directly to mining companies in northern Niger as well as to NIGELEC for distribution in the cities of Agadez , Arlit , Akokan and Tchirozérine . To date , the number of registered IPPs remains limited , and the few that have emerged use conventional energy sources to generate electricity . The government of Niger , with the assistance of the World Bank , is currently working on an electricity master plan with a view to providing an integrated strategy for the sector ’ s future development . Intensive stakeholder consultation is taking place with participation from key representatives from government , business and civil society to feed into the strategy . # Costs and tariffs Electricity tariffs remain in the hands of the government , and are set by decree , as in a number of other West African countries ( figure 8 ) . The tariff set depends on a number of factors , such as the electricity production cost ( including operation cost ) , social cost and other political and economic criteria . There are three categories of production costs in Niger . They consist of the NIGELEC domestic power plants ( USD 0.22/kWh ) , coal-fired plants ( USD 0.12/kWh ) and electricity imports from Nigeria ( USD 0.04/kWh ) . The utility purchases tax-free domestically-produced diesel directly from the refinery at USD 0.70 per litre . The country does not currently export crude oil . However , sale of diesel to the utility at the subsidised price is an opportunity cost if crude oil had been sold at international market prices . It is important to note that Niger will continue to remain dependent on cheap electricity from Nigeria unless there is a price review . Furthermore , in 2012 the government accepted the creation of a social tariff as part its energy access improvement efforts . This supports low income and low consumption subscribers . This category of households ( 3 kWh ) is charged USD 0.11/kWh for the first 50 kWh consumed . There are also plans to reduce the costs of electrical connections to the poor . These stand at USD 102 for 3kW and USD 144 for 6 kW . Concessionary rates also apply for industries and agricultural facilities for water pumping . These tariffs are fixed at USD 0.11/kWh and USD 0.07/kWh respectively . These lower tariff rates are set in order to reach the government ’ s social and economic goals , which require affordable