, UNDP , in collaboration with the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) , the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) , the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women ( UN-Women ) and the United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction ( UNDRR ) will work to increase the resilience of people , households and communities , focusing on : ( a ) conserving ecosystems and natural resources by engaging communities and creating decent jobs ; ( b ) investing in resilient and environmentally sustainable livelihoods ; ( c ) promoting good practices based on lessons learned and UNDP comparative advantages to promote access to clean and affordable energy ; ( d ) developing sustainable value chains and productive social safety nets ; ( e ) effectively mobilizing funds for climate action , including green businesses and achieving the nationally determined contributions ; ( f ) reducing disaster risk and adapting to climate change ; ( g ) effectively implementing policies and strategies , including development planning and budgeting that mainstream gender dimensions , promote local economies , and integrate the SDGs . The programme will prioritize rural communities , particularly borderlands with natural resources , to improve access to basic needs consistent with the sustainable development and inclusive growth strategy . 18 . In a context marked by vulnerability to climate change and strong pressures on natural resources that threaten the ecosystem and population ’ s living conditions , UNDP will contribute to developing the capacities of national actors and to improving the management of natural resources by adopting best practices related to : ( a ) biodiversity protection ; ( b ) ecosystem restoration ; ( c ) reduction of pressure on natural resources ; and ( d ) natural disaster management . UNDP will ensure that international standards are applied and will prioritize interventions considering disaster risks and land conflicts related to natural resources sharing . 19 . For low-carbon production , preparation of local economic partnership strategies and exchange of innovative solutions in sustainable natural resources management will be key . UNDP will support sustainable , modern , competitive agricultural value chains , including adoption of international standards and smart production systems that protect natural resources and promote a green economy . UNDP will support South-South cooperation initiatives to encourage knowledge and best practice sharing . Partnerships established under international climate change commitments will continue to leverage climate finance mechanisms , including the Global Environment Facility ( GEF ) , the Green Climate Fund ( GCF ) , and the Private Sector Window and the Adaptation Fund . UNDP will assist the Government in mobilizing climate resources and implementing regional initiatives and programmes . The off-grid electrification of communities with renewable energy sources will create sustainable livelihoods and economic growth through innovative business models to also benefit youth and women . 20 . Based on current country programme successes , UNDP will foster dialogue and collaborative partnerships