State may authorise one or more natural persons or corporate entities to build and to operate , to the satisfaction of their own needs , private electrical installations ’ . This was intended to be the initial step towards privatising the power sector by allowing new players into the electricity market . However , Niger did not proceed with the privatisation process . Three energy strategies followed up the energy policy . These include : a ) Stratégie Nationale sur les Énergies Renouvelables – SNER , National Strategy for Renewable Energy . This was designed to increase the renewable energy contribution to the national energy balance from less than 0.1 % in 2003 to 10 % by 2020 . This was to be done by i ) facilitating the promotion of renewable energy supply ii ) reducing the impact on forest resources iii ) promoting rural electrification on the basis of renewable energy resources iv ) promoting education , training , research and development related to renewable energy technologies . b ) Stratégie Nationale d'Accès aux Services Energétiques Modernes - SNASEM , National Strategy for Access to Modernised Energy Services . This was designed to increase the proportion of the population with access to modernised energy services by 2015 . This was to be done through i ) access to modern cooking fuels ii ) access to motive power for villages with 1,000– 2,000 inhabitants iii ) access to electricity for 66 % of rural and semi-urban populations c ) Stratégie Nationale des Energies Domestiques - SNED , National Strategy for Household Energy . This was prepared to create a coherent framework for the domestic energy subsector by i ) ensuring the sustainable use of forest resources and better reforestation , promoting alternative energy sources ( other than wood ) and improving appliance efficiency ii ) strengthening the capacity of the main market players to better manage the sector iii ) educating and communicating information to stakeholders on domestic energy production and use . PRASE is a national programme that resulted from the 2006 ECOWAS White Paper . It was set up by Comité National Multisectoriel Energie – CNME , the National Multisectoral Energy Committee . It involved stakeholders from multiple government bodies and civil society in recognition of the cross-cutting nature of energy . PRASE specifically meets the needs of five target clusters : i ) the infrastructure of utilities with a social impact ( water , health and education ) ii ) agricultural infrastructure ( crop production , livestock and processing ) iii ) communal infrastructure ( town halls , markets , public lighting , and cultural centres ) iv ) small economic production units ( multifunctional platforms , agricultural product transformation , handicrafts , trade ) v ) household electricity and modern cooking fuels . At the end of PRASE , it is anticipated that at least 40 % of the population in rural areas will benefit from modernised energy services ( MME , 2010 ) .