; ( d ) constructive policy dialogue and an operational coordination framework with the entire electorate , notably women and youth , to capitalize on the achievements of the 2019-2021 electoral process and programme cycle . 9 . Given its decades-long experience supporting local governance in the hinterlands and key national governance institutions , UNDP will expand its governance offer to help strengthen the social contract between the people and the State , stabilize communities , and build resilience , particularly in borderlands and rural areas . UNDP will leverage its position in the United Nations country team to experiment and scale up innovation and integrated development solutions . 10 . Drawing lessons from the previous country programme , 2019-2022 , UNDP will offer its operational and technical expertise to promote innovation in building the resilience of communities , systems and productive value chains . The subcontracting and fast-track mechanism , tested in the context of the COVID-19 response , will be consolidated to enable access to risk areas and ensure diligent service delivery by optimizing operational costs in a fragile security context . UNDP will consolidate its leadership in the United Nations business operation strategy , supporting a coherent , harmonized , effective inter-agency approach . 11 . Through the UNSDCF , UNDP will help deliver integrated programming across the climate-humanitarian-development-security nexus to deal with the multidimensional nature of poverty and inequality . UNDP will also use its experience leveraging international public finance while unlocking private sector investment for the SDGs . # II . Programme priorities and partnerships 12 . The country programme is premised upon the theory that if marginalized populations obtain the benefits of participatory , inclusive , equitable , accountable and transparent governance and green economic growth ; and if rural communities are well governed to sustainably manage natural resources , including land and energy access for risk-informed sustainable livelihood opportunities ; and if the capacities of national and subnational institutions are enhanced , and policies and frameworks to boost resilient , inclusive socioeconomic growth and accountability are operationalized , then national and subnational institutions will be capacitated to provide pro-poor , inclusive , equitable , efficient development solutions and services ; confidence in government systems will be improved , reducing public discontentment and vulnerability to conflicts ; then people , institutions ’ and systems ’ resilience to shocks and climate hazards will be strengthened and jobs created , leading to transformative change in rural communities , building social cohesion and addressing inter and intraregional inequalities . 13 . UNDP contribution to the UNSDCF , in line with national development priorities , will be achieved through two fundamental pillars : ( a ) structural transformation of the rural environment and climate change ; and ( b ) governance , stabilization , peace and security . The programme therefore aims to help restore the population ’ s trust in national structures , systems and institutions , i.e. , the social contract , create the conditions for