. Centre National d ’ Energie Solaire – CNES , the National Centre for Solar Energy , was created in 1998 by Act 98-017 . Its mandate is to conduct applied solar energy research and solar technology experimentation . It also participates in diagnostic and prospective studies on renewable energy use and in training programmes and in promotion and communication of renewable energy technologies . The High Commission on the Development of the Valley of the river Niger is responsible for the Kandadji Programme . This 130 MW hydroelectricity project is now under construction . Institut National de la Recherche Agronomique du Niger – INRAN , the National Institute of Agronomy Research in Niger , carries out applied research on wind energy , biogas and biofuels . Société Nigerienne du Charbon d'Anou Araren - SONICHAR , the Nigerien Anou Araren Coal Company , created in 1978 , produces electricity from coal and distributes it to northern Niger . However , its sales are restricted to the mining companies at Arlit , and it sells the surplus to NIGELEC which feeds the cities of Agades , Arlit , and Tchirozerine with electricity . It works closely with Société Nigérienne de Carbonisation du Charbon Minéral ( SNCC ) , the Nigerien Mineral Coal Company , which produces and sells mineral coal for industrial and household use . Société Nigérienne des Produits Pétroliers - SONIDEP , Nigerien Petroleum Products Company , is responsible for distributing petroleum products , and Société de Raffinage de Zinder - SORAZ , Zinder Refining Company , established in 2010 , refines crude oil produced in Niger . Compagnie Miniere et Energetique du Niger – CMEN , Nigerien Energy and Mining Company , is in charge of the Salkadamna coal complex including the mine and a 200 MW coal-fired power plant extendable to 600 MW . It is also in charge of hightransmission lines and associated items as well as the production unit of a carbonised form of bulk briquettes used domestically Agence Nationale de Financement des Collectivités Territoriales – ANFICT , the National Agency for Financing National Collectives , manages two funds . These include the fund supporting decentralisation and the equalisation fund , which welcomes development partner contributions to financing local authority investments . Autorité de Régulation Multisectorielle – ARM , the Multi-Sector Regulatory Authority , addresses IPP licensing , the price of energy and the long-term stability of the sector . It has several mandates : to develop regulations , train stakeholders and communicate information . It also conducts audits , monitors and evaluates procurement and deals with bidder complaints . Finally , it prepares general administrative clauses and coordinates the draft of clause specifications . Cellule pour le Partenariat Public Prive – PPP , the Public Private Partnership hub , was established with a mandate to suggest potential areas for PPP development . However , it is yet to be fully operational . This hub is intended to support technical ministries and public administration in