conditions in Niger will therefore remain at the forefront of the country ’ s growth agenda . The government of Niger ’ s new poverty reduction strategy — its Plan for Economic and Social Development ( PDES ) — is the country ’ s overarching development framework according to the Ministry of Planning , Lands and Community Development ( MP/ AT-DC , 2011 ) . The principal focus of the PDES is to achieve economic growth of about 8 % in 2012-2015 . It identifies 86 programmes needed to reach 11 strategic objectives . The programmes are clustered into five areas : A village school in Niger Source : Wikimedia ( i ) strengthening the credibility and effectiveness of public institutions ( ii ) creating the conditions for sustainable , balanced and inclusive development ( iii ) providing food security and sustainable agricultural development ( iv ) promoting a competitive and diverse economy for accelerated and inclusive growth ( v ) fostering social development . The PDES acknowledges the central role energy services will play in reaching social development goals and raising income generation . This is required for individual development and community transformation . It therefore channels energy access into short and long-term development objectives . It also suggests specific plans for modernising the electricity supply infrastructure , improving coverage levels , reforming the existing regulatory framework and increasing the contribution of renewable energy to energy security . # Role of energy in development in Niger Fulfilling the vision outlined in the PDES depends on the ability of Niger to scale up and improve the quality of energy services . This means putting in place good policies , creating the enabling environment for energy investment and building strong institutions that can deliver good outcomes . The per capita electricity consumption was less than 50 kWh in 2012 against an African average of over 575 kWh and a global average of over 2770 kWh . This makes the average Nigerien citizen among the lowest consumers of electricity in the world . Moreover , about 76 % of the population does not have access to electricity , much of which is restricted to urban areas . This indicates significant pent-up demand in the power sector and a need to close the gap between demand and availability . Niger ’ s energy profile is typical of a lowincome economy in that the household sector remains the main energy user . This signifies a limited use of energy in the productive sector . Households across Niger rely heavily on traditional biomass to meet their basic energy needs . However , during the last couple of years LPG consumption has experienced major growth . Niger is endowed with significant renewable energy resources and has the potential to develop a diversified portfolio of renewable energy technologies . With improvements in technologies and costs , potential renewable energy is well suited to both urban and rural applications . Although Niger ’ s recent discovery of oil