action sensitive to location . The RRA underscored that institutional and financial support efforts need to clearly distinguish not only between grid-based and off-grid but also between urban and rural electrification . Rural electrification should centre around two main implementation axes : i ) promotion of the private sector as a major player in implementing rural electrification programmes and creation of the enabling environment for the private sector to flourish ii ) introduction of rural energy service concessions that would allow an entity ( private sector , NGO , communitybased organisation etc . ) to exclusively serve one or more defined areas under a concessionary agreement . # Improve the regulatory environment for rural electrification An organisation must be established to manage , develop and implement a rural renewable electrification strategy and programme . It must also create the enabling environment for the private sector , ensure effective implementation and maintain quality assurance . This organisation needs to be a legal entity and could fill several important gaps . For example , it could : i ) stimulate the supply and demand of rural electrification services through communications with potential partners ( both public and private ) ; ii ) guide operators towards lowest cost innovative solutions ; iii ) establish the annual rural electrification programme and ensure effective follow-up ; iv ) manage relationships with donors and potential investors ; v ) ensure effective implementation in accordance to enforced norms and standards . This organisation must aim to optimise the use of resources for rural electrification and maintain mechanisms already in place through important principles . These include equity , technology neutrality , high technical standards , poverty eradication and the protection of investor interests . Furthermore , provision within the renewable energy law should be made to amend the country ’ s current tax policies on renewable energy technologies . This can be done by reducing the current import duties and VAT that affect their competitiveness . # Raise domestic funds for rural electrification The rural electrification challenge is enormous and will require both external and domestic finance . The RRA drew attention to the importance of raising domestic finance to calibrate internal investment with wider development goals . It asserted that rural electrification should feature prominently within such a framework . Mozambique ’ s FUNAE Fund is a case in point . Niger could consider following this example to raise funding from taxes collected from mineral and petroleum exploitation to promote rural electrification . This could include : i ) taxes on electricity concessions ii ) a rural electrification levy on electricity sold to end-users iii ) taxes on bulk electricity consumers iv ) taxes on oil and mining exploration v ) taxes related to the transport and marketing of petroleum products vi ) taxes on commercial licences vii ) annual budgetary allocation by the state viii ) funding obtained from development partners ix ) personal contributions from the operators and other donors . # Energy master