PJ ] ( 2173 thousand tonnes of oil equivalent ) in 2010 . As shown in figure 2 , the most striking feature of Niger ’ s energy system is the dominance of biomass . This represents 79 % of total consumption and meets 83 % of household energy needs . Biomass in the form of fuelwood , charcoal and agricultural residues is used in inefficient cooking appliances . This practice has contributed to the ongoing deforestation problems in Niger . Mainly used for electricity generation and transport , petroleum products account for 18 % of Niger ’ s energy mix . Their share of the total has increased in recent years . Mineral coal for electricity generation accounts for the remaining balance at 3 % of total energy supplies in Niger . The share of renewables as a proportion of TPES remains negligible at less than 1 % , assuming that all biomass is non-renewable - which is not the case . The household sector is the main enduser of energy in Niger at 90 % , followed by transport and industry at 8 % and 2 % respectively ( see figure 3 ) . This energy consumption profile is typical of least developed country economic structures . These countries have limited industrialisation . Furthermore , energy needs for the residential sector are met by traditional biomass , although more recently LPG has come to assume greater importance in the household energy supply mix . Energy consumption in the agricultural and commercial sectors remains small – less than 0.5 % . Until recently , Niger imported oil and gas needed for domestic consumption , creating balance of trade difficulties for the country ’ s policy makers . However , since 2011 Niger has become an oil producer , improving the prospect for social and economic development . The Agadem perimeter , entrusted to NCPC , has proven oil reserves estimated at nearly one billion barrels while its natural gas reserves are estimated at 30 bn cubic metres ( m3 ) . At present , Niger has the capacity to produce 100,000 barrels per day but currently produces 20,000 barrels per day . This is earmarked to meet domestic demand for petroleum products . In 2011 , a refinery with a capacity of 20,000 barrels per day was built in Zinder to supply Niger ’ s current and future needs . Given that Niger ’ s present demand stands at 8,000 barrels per day , some of the surplus petroleum products from Zinder are already finding markets in neighbouring countries , including northern Nigeria . Moreover , the associated gas is tapped as part of the government ’ s ambitious campaign to promote LPG as an alternative to wood and charcoal consumption in Niamey and other urban centres . The campaign has delivered positive results , with consumption increasing from 3,000 metric tons ( t ) in 2011 to 10,000 t in 2012 ( Practical Action Consulting , 2013 )