than others at providing electricity for their populations . These include Ghana , Côte d ’ Ivoire , Cape Verde , Senegal and Nigeria . Unmet electricity demand amounted to around 7-10 TWh in 2006-2010 ( ECREEE , 2012 ) . The electricity systems in West Africa also face challenges arising from existing supply capacities unable to satisfy growing demand . Furthermore , the region faces the difficulty of raising sufficient funds internally or attracting outside investors willing to incur the high perceived risk of the electricity sector in the region ( IRENA , 2013a ) . Overall , unreliable power holds back the region 's enterprises and has a negative impact on productive activities . Transmission and distribution losses are around 40 % , increasing electricity tariffs significantly . A number of countries in the region have some of the highest tariffs in the world with a regional average exceeding USD 0.20/kWh . The cost of providing backup power ( typically USD 0.30-0.40/ kWh ) handicaps productive industries . Eberhard , et al . ( 2011 ) estimate that blackouts reduce annual economic growth in Africa by about 2 % . Concerns regarding energy access and security are not new in the region . Following the adoption of the first ECOWAS energy policy in 1982 , the region has been engaged in developing an integrated approach for the energy sector . The aim is to provide better access to modernised energy services . Several initiatives have been made with that in mind and some of these are discussed below . The West African Power Pool ( WAPP ) was established in 1999 . Its objective was to curtail the power deficit in the region by integrating the operations of national power systems into a unified regional electricity market ( cross-border trade flows ) . This is intended to facilitate stable , reliable and cost-competitive electricity to all ECOWAS citizens in the medium to long term . In 2006 , the WAPP secretariat was created and mandated to ensure the promotion and development of power generation and transmission facilities ( www.ecowapp.org ) . The Energy Protocol was adopted in 2003 by ECOWAS member countries . This is a legal framework aimed at promoting longterm cooperation in the energy field . It is based on complementary relationships and mutual benefit to increase investment in the energy sector and develop energy trade in the region . ECOWAS/West African Economic and Monetary Union ( UEMOA ) White Paper for a Regional Policy on Access to Energy Services to Rural and Semi-Urban Areas was adopted in 2006 . Three targets were set for 2015 : i ) 100 % of the total population , or 325 million people , to have access to improved cooking fuels and stoves , including 9.2 % to LPG cooking devices ii ) at least 60 % of people in rural areas to have access to productive energy services in villages , especially motive power , to boost productivity