connected to the 33 kV Nigerian network from Damasak with a capacity of 5 MW and installed thermal diesel production of 2.3 MW v ) the Gaya/Malanville Zone , which is fed by a 33 kV interconnection from Kamba in Nigeria and has contracted power of 7 MW with Nigeria . The cost of the transmission infrastructure can be significant , ranging from USD 120,000/km for 132 kV power lines to USD 17,000/km for 20 kV lines . Distribution costs amount to USD 20,000/ km . Transmission and distribution losses in Niger are lower than the African average , having been brought down from 27 % in 2005 to about 17 % now . However , they still remain higher than the European average ( 6 % ) . Given that a significant proportion of Niger ’ s population lives far from gridlines , electricity from the grid alone will not deliver the promise of universal access . It is important that there is a meaningful dialogue on the genuine prospect of decentralised systems as a complementary solution to energy access in Niger . Power distribution works through medium voltage 33 kV and 20 kV cables as well as low voltage cables to connect subscribers . Electricity supply in Niger also faces frequent blackouts due to limited power infrastructure . In 2009 , for instance , there were some 21 outages a month compared to an average of 11 outages for sub-Saharan Africa ( Eberhard et al. , 2011 ) . Power outages in Niger were shorter at two hours against six hours for the region . Outages are frequent during the dry season ( FebruaryMay ) when demand is high and power reliability can fall up to 13 % as was the case in 2010 . Over 40 % of Nigerien firms reported that power shortages were a major obstacle to administration and good economic performance . They also reported that 6 % of annual turnover was lost due to electricity shortages ( World Bank , 2009 ) . This has prompted 20 % of Nigerien firms to acquire their own generators ( World Bank , 2010 ) . A growing number of urban households are also purchasing their own gensets as a backup power source . As shown in figure 5 , power demand in Niger has risen by about 50 % in 2005-2010 . This trend is expected to increase as the ambitious PDES calls for broadening electricity access to improve livelihoods and deliver the economic growth trajectory of 8 % p.a . Projected demand shows that Niger will need to scale up its efforts to boost domestic production as well as rely on imports from Nigeria and WAPP ( Figure 7 ) . As part of this endeavour , Niger is actively pursuing wholesale power generation and transmission improvement projects . These will develop its own domestic power sources , particularly hydropower , other renewables and the oil and gas sector ( Table 2 ) .