. LPG production has reached 47,000 t p.a and is expected to amount to 70,000 t p.a . once the refinery reaches its maximum capacity . This will provide further opportunities for mainstreaming LPG use across the country , including in rural households and businesses . Conditions in Niger for this increased use of LPG are favourable as LPG costs are the lowest in the region . They amount to USD 0.6 per kilogramme ( kg ) , which is a significant reduction in cost compared to USD 1/kg before the refinery was built . Other options have received attention . Niger is endowed with proven coal reserves amounting to more than 68m t in Salkadamna ( Tahoua ) with a calorific value of 6,000 kcal/kg and over 20 t in Anou-Araren and Solomi ( Agadez ) . At present , only the Anou-Araren deposit is mined . It feeds a power generation plant for mines in the region , as well as the cities of Agadez , Akokan , Arlit and Tchirozerine . Proven uranium reserves in Niger are estimated at over 280,000 t. The mines are operated by Société Miniere d ’ Air – Air Mining Company ( SOMAIR ) and Compagnie Minière d ’ Akouta – Akouta Mining Company ( COMINAK ) . Their annual production increased from approximately 2,900 t at the end of the 1990s to an annual average of 4,000 t in 2005 . All uranium produced in Niger is exported , although there are ambitions to use it to generate electricity for the ECOWAS region . The first phase of development of a regional nuclear programme is in progress and has the assistance of the IAEA . Energy access in Niger remains a critical barrier to the country ’ s development . Modest improvements have been experienced in recent years . However , electricity access in Niger remains low at about 24 % and almost all the population relies on the unsustainable use of traditional biomass ( MP/AT-DC , 2011 ) . Moreover , there is a major disparity between rural and urban areas in terms of access to modernised energy services ( both electricity and heat for cooking ) . Urban areas enjoy significantly better conditions for access . The following section provides a review of the state of the power sector in Niger , including the tariff structure and planned expansion . # Electricity system The institutional arrangement of Niger electricity sector is depicted in figure 4 . The Ministry of Energy and Petroleum is responsible for policy development and the Multisectoral Regulatory Authority is the independent regulator . The Société Nigérienne d'Electricité - NIGELEC - the Nigerien Electricity Company , is the utility responsible for electric power generation , transmission and distribution in Niger . Established in 1968 , NIGELEC is majority owned by the government of Niger . Petroleum products ( 70 % ) dominate Niger ’ s energy generation mix , followed by coal ( 28 % )