include : i ) The absence of a clearly defined policy on the use of biomass , including biogas ii ) Lack of institutional coordination and collaboration between financial institutions and other stakeholders iii ) Importance of standards for biogas and other biomass fuel types . Some specific interventions areas were identified during the RRA . # Emphasis on biogas This biomass sector has delivered excellent results and supported rural development in various parts of Asia . In Africa , Rwanda now has a promising programme . The National Biogas Programme of Rwanda has reached an important milestone in that it has successfully set up a commercially viable biogas industry . This will contribute to the well-being of the country ’ s population while reducing pressure on natural resources . The RRA recognised the potential of biogas in Niger , and the Niger biogas feasibility study has been conclusive . There is good reason to develop a business model that would bring microfinance institutions to the negotiating table . # CRITICAL NEED FOR Finance Nepal is an excellent example of how multiple innovation nodes are critical to successful biogas programmes . The central elements of this programme have been innovation in financial engineering as well as the judicious distribution of grants to beneficiaries . Furthermore , the Nepal programme successfully motivated the external and domestic banks to sculpt a well-structured loan and grant programme for small-scale farmers and medium-sized rural enterprises . Niger could emulate the Nepalese programme . However , bringing together stakeholders such as these requires lobbying by potential project developers . # Opportunities and constraints for scaling up renewable energy deployment # Policy stagnation Policies need to be dynamic because they often have side effects or unintended consequences . Part of the problem in Niger , and indeed in much of Africa , is that energy policies are a static list of goals or laws . They do not undergo periodic reviews to evaluate their effectiveness and help guide operational decisions . Policy tends to evolve with changing contexts , so formal policy needs to be periodically adjusted . The government of Niger should carry out a review of existing policies and strategies and revise them . They need to be compatible with the country ’ s development goal of supporting social welfare , and enhance income-generating activities . The renewable energy law and master plan are important steps to embedding energy service provision into development needs . After the formal presentation of the renewable energy law , dialogue with the whole range of stakeholders should be maintained . # Track record in auctions Niger has been using auctions as an instrument to select IPPs for providing conventional power at competitive prices to the grid . As far as renewable power generation is concerned , it can capitalise on this experience to design renewable energy auctions . This could be applied to both large-scale grid-connected power plants but also for hybridising bundles of decentralised power plants .