success of the country ’ s energy development mission will be judged by the quality of its results and scale of improvements in livelihoods . Renewable energy applications across Niger have been linked to excellent social development outcomes . The cost of renewables is at an all-time low , especially PV . If they are to support productive sectors in rural areas , stronger coordination between all stakeholders is required . # Decentralisation Experience in Niger demonstrates that offgrid energy systems can play a significant role in rural energy programmes . However , more work is needed to ensure that prices become competitive and affordable for which the range of pro-poor financing mechanisms can be tested and evaluated . The renewable energy law and master plan will have to come up with potential recommendations to bring costs down for both potential suppliers and end-users . They will need to consider the financial measures often necessary in the first stages of technology diffusion . At that point , there are few market players and the opportunities to develop economies of scale are limited . Furthermore , it is important to build an inventory of experiences in Niger in terms of the range of delivery mechanisms and business models . It is also important to assess how emerging regulatory frameworks could impact on mainstreaming decentralised renewable energy options . # Unique knowledge store Energy knowledge generation of this kind could help develop a dynamic techno-economic assessment framework for decentralised electricity and heat system design . It could take materials sourcing , installation costs , available energy resources , energy storage options , design robustness and social acceptance into consideration . Building this store of knowledge would help Niger develop its energy strategy using informed and tailored technical and business models . These would be compatible with local resources , institutions and economic factors . Institutionalising energy knowledge in this way would give ample confidence to policy makers , social entrepreneurs and private sector players . This is because it would provide them with up-todate information about various technologies in the context of Niger .