. per capita assuming 40 working hours per week produce a maximum labour rate of USD 0.08/hour . The number of hours spent collecting wood for traditional stoves amounts to USD 41.6 p.a . and USD 20.8 p.a . for the new generation of stoves . Stove costs are estimated by dividing the stove price by its average lifetime . The biogas cost is estimated at USD 916 for a 6m3 plant ( ten-year lifetime ) while costs for traditional stoves are USD 6 ( three-year lifetime ) . New generation stoves are assumed to cost USD 25 ( five-year lifetime ) . Thus , the total cooking cost is worked out by adding together the fuel cash cost , the value of fuel collection time and the stove costs . Using the above assumptions , a profile of comparative cooking costs is constructed . These estimates suggest the new stoves perform best at USD 0.17/kg of wood equivalent , traditional stoves at USD 0.28/kg and biogas at USD 0.64/kg of wood equivalent . These estimates are for illustrative purposes to highlight the cost of labour ( mainly women and children ) for fuelwood collection as the defining variable in this comparison . But there is a caveat here . When other aspects such as health impacts and environmental externalities are considered , the picture is likely to look different . Furthermore , if the national wage triples to USD 480 — still very low — and wood collection hours remain constant , the cost comparison shifts in favour of biogas . This suggests that the higher cost of labour increases the economic cost of using collected biomass beyond the biogas-biomass break-even point . This rather rough analysis indicates that biogas could have a wider appeal in future . It could therefore be worth investing in a robust biogas programme as in parts of Asia . This would also bring down the cost of biogas plants as they move from their current niche status into the mass market . This has occurred in various Asian countries such as India , Nepal and China . Other biofuel production possibilities mainly involve crop waste . This includes crops specifically intended for human consumption grown during the winter season ( millet , sorghum , maize , rice , cowpea ) and cash crops ( peanut , cotton , sesame , sugarcane , moringa ) . It also includes forest species that grow naturally such as jatrophacurcas , neem and balanites . For the moment there is no biodiesel production in Niger , and the different oils such as peanut oil and shea butter that can be used to generate biodiesel are mainly used for food . There is little experience in Niger of using crops like these for bioenergy . # Recommendations During the RRA , the discussion focused mainly on biogas and improved cookstoves . A number of opportunities and problems were identified that are specific to the biomass sector . They