. However , cheap solar panels and components are entering the Nigerien market from neigh-bouring countries , with no institutionalised quality assurance and standard schemes . This does not help the reputation of these technologies , still in their early stages , when systems break down . As part of the industry ’ s revitalisation , CNES could play an important role in supporting the development of renewable energy technology standards and certification schemes for installers . A programme of this kind would have the additional benefit of creating new skilled jobs throughout the value chain , from small distributors to installers , maintainers and end-users . In various parts of the world , the biogas sector has delivered excellent results and supported rural development . Niger has significant potential for biogas , and feasibility studies in the biogas sector have been conclusive . The development of a biogas business model would be worth exploring for Niger , with a view to bringing microfinance institutions to the negotiating table to set up a commercially viable biogas industry , including innovative and effective financial structures . This would contribute to the well-being of the country ’ s population while reducing pressure on natural resources . # I . INTRODUCTION Country background Niger is a landlocked country in West Africa and a member of the Economic Community of West African States ( ECOWAS ) . It has a surface are of 1,267,000 square kilometres ( km2 ) , bordering Mali , Burkina Faso and Benin to the West , Nigeria to the South , Chad to the East and Algeria and Libya to the North . Niger is divided into eight regions , 36 provinces and 265 districts . It is crossed by the Niger , the country ’ s only perennial river , which has a length of 550 km . Niger has a population of 16 million with an annual growth rate of 3.3 % . The population density is of 12 people per km2 . It is young ( 52 % under 15 years of age ) , and predominantly rural ( 84 % ) . However , it is undergoing a high urbanisation growth rate of about 6.2 % p.a . ( International Fund for Agricultural Development ( IFAD ) , 2012 ) ; Institut National de la Statistique ( INS ) , 2012 ) . Over the past ten years , the Nigerien economy grew at an average rate of 5 % , but only 2.3 % in 2011 due to a poor harvest and a severe food grain shortage . However , it bounced back in 2012 , growing by 13 % , according to the African Economic Outlook ( 2013 ) . This was helped by heavy rains that generated a surplus of over 5 million metric tons ( t ) of cereals ( World Bank , 2013a ) . This clearly demonstrates the Nigerien economy ’ s direct dependence on rainfall and water availability