the various actors in the private sector . # Recommendations The RRA has highlighted several technical opportunities and barriers facing Niger renewable energy generation and transmission infrastructure . It also brought to light some of the institutional , financial and capacity issues associated with PV and wind-based power generation to feed the grid . These are discussed below . # Renewable energy resource assessment Lack of information on solar and wind energy resources is a major obstacle to investment due to the difficulties in developing robust project proposals . The RRA has recommended a set of steps the government of Niger should take . These include : i ) identify and analyse existing satellite data maps in the public domain ii ) identify and select areas of great interest in the country from the satellite data maps iii ) install and maintain monitoring stations in the selected areas iv ) compare new data with existing satellite data and refresh the calculation models v ) build a national inventory of renewable energy resources . CNES could play a pivotal role as the data centre , a role it has played in the past before the programme was discontinued . Re-engaging CNES in this role would allow it to build the required human and technical capacity to undertake regular renewable energy assessments . This would be both on behalf of the government and other clients . If this does not work out , Niger has other options to consider . It could , for instance , engage IRENA and/or other partners to support its long-awaited solar and wind assessment programme . # Importance of a national renewable energy policy Broadening energy access is a central national development objective in Niger . At present , less than 25 % of the population enjoys access to electricity , and the picture in rural areas is less than 5 % . Generation of electricity through renewables has long been viewed as an important way to close this gap . However , the focus on the renewables contribution to the grid has only emerged because new technologies are beginning to compete with conventional power generation . To this end , an energy policy is needed to embrace renewables as part of a longer-term energy vision . It requires a systematic roadmap for delivery supported by research and financial support . Policy statements need to be translated into concrete action . Policy makers in Niger widely acknowledge the important role renewables can play in developing the power sector . Solar and wind are being promoted as reliable energy sources that can contribute to reducing dependence vis-à-vis imported electricity from Nigeria . A number of possibilities are being considered such as the 20 MW solar project near Niamey and a 5 MW PV plant in Zinder funded by an Indian loan . However , these do not give the impression they are part of a programme of action , moving beyond ad hoc projects . Niger has been