is under-estimated , both for its size and its potential as an important driver for scaling up renewables . # Assess the economics of a range of technologies There is growing experience of a variety of technologies in Niger . It is important to document and assess the cost of single and hybrid technologies in the different regions . This provides a dynamic data system that assembles data on the range of technologies and their performance under different conditions . The diesel based minigrid operated by NIGELEC offers a compelling case for hybridisation with RE sources . Solar irradiation is abundant throughout the country . Detailed feasibility studies on hybridising the diesel mini-grids with solar PV would , therefore , help demonstrate the economics of these systems to potential investors . # Provide soft loan schemes or other credit line facilities for solar PV Despite their comparative advantage , decentralised renewables are not suitable for conventional financial mechanisms due to their high transaction costs . Rural communities with little disposable income hardly feature as natural clients for conventional financial institutions . Soft loans can be attractive when a small sum is paid as a down payment of the total price and the rest paid over a number of years . With bank interest rates at 13 % in Niger , households and businesses are unlikely to take out loans to meet renewable energy costs . However , grants from multilateral agencies or donors could be ring-fenced to mobilise soft loan schemes for household or community electrification . While this can not be considered a long-term solution to the challenge of raising funding , it could provide energy for social development needs . It may also serve to stimulate the renewables market in rural areas . # Capacity development and mobilisation Niger suffers from capacity deficit in the energy sector in general . With the establishment of CNES as long ago as the 1960s , it was one of the first movers in renewable energy . However , that was not sustained , though there is some capacity to build on in PV and water heating applications . The RRA has identified capacity development for planning , financing and implementing off-grid and on-grid programmes as a top policy priority . Only then will the promise of renewable energy development be fulfilled # Biomass for cooking and heating Energy for cooking is a major preoccupation in Niger . It is one aspect of the energy picture in Niger and other parts of the Sahel that has confounded experts . The solutions to problems associated with biomass , such as indoor air pollution and the extensive time and energy needed for its collection , appear straightforward . Yet most studies indicate that biomass energy ( or fuel wood ) will remain an important source of household energy . This is due to a whole range of obstacles . For instance , LPG and other petroleum fuels are not affordable to many people ,