and produce various types of solar equipment that were distributed locally with strong government support . Solar energy applications in use in Niger at present include PV for mini-grid and standalone applications , solar crop dryers and solar water heating for homes and community applications . This programme continued with some force until the mid-1970s . However , it failed to maintain its promise due to high production costs , poor management and product quality control as well as its inability to compete against cheaper and better quality imports . Solar PV and other solar energy technologies continued to be promoted in Niger through various outlets , including the national school television programme . Solar technology installation also continued , largely in PV pumping areas and through education and health infrastructure electrification . During the 1980s and 1990s , a two-phased Special Energy Programme was initiated by the Niger-German technical cooperation . Through ground-level projects , it popularised and promoted various renewable technologies such as PV systems , biodigesters and solar water heaters . Other smaller scale donor programmes also started up . However , much of this effort remained driven by donors with little national acceptance and did not lead to the development of a lasting renewables market in Niger . At present , there is little in the way of private sector participation and incentives to draw investors in the development and distribution of solar products in Niger . There are a few private sector players such as SunTotal and YASMA who dominate the national market , while policies have yet to excite wider commercial interest . Moreover , the market is limited by its small size . It is also partly constrained by taxes of over 52 % ( import tariffs and VAT ) , a lack of regulation on poor quality products smuggled from neighbouring countries , and the absence of a meaningful government renewables stimulus . Still , in 2012 total installed PV capacity was over 4 MW ( see figure 11 ) , and there are some good examples worth scaling up . With financial assistance from the government of India , the villages of Moli Haoussa ( commune rurale de Tamou ) and Banigueti ( commune de Torodi ) have been electrified by solar PV . Moreover , a large rural PV electrification project is in progress in the Dosso and Tillabery region costing nearly USD 15m to meet basic services for about 150 villages . What makes this project interesting is that it is being co-financed by the ECOWAS Development Bank . This demonstrates that regional development banks are interested in renewable energy development . There is growing investment interest in PV grid connection as the falling cost of PV in recent years brings the technology closer to grid parity in many parts of the world . Niger ’ s high electricity generation cost is likely to provoke investor interest in introducing PV to the grid . The government of Niger is