of a favourable legal and regulatory framework . This would , among other things , reduce technical , legal and administrative barriers while increasing private sector confidence . An overarching renewable energy law would create the right conditions . It should provide guaranteed access to the grid and priority dispatch of renewable electricity generation . These are currently lacking in the grid code . Furthermore , the development of a standardised and bankable PPA would greatly support the evolution of renewable energy auctioning . Transaction costs due to lengthy permitting and administrative procedures could be greatly reduced by setting up a one-stop shop for the private sector when dealing with renewable energy projects . Niger needs to create a specialised office in charge of PPAs . This would define a framework for getting PPP contracts up and running . As the office in charge of the PPP has expressed the desire to promote solar power investment , the renewable energy law could mandate it to become the permitting and licensing structure for all renewable energy projects . It could also develop a bankable PPA model that would cut down on negotiations with private sector . A model of this kind could open the door to self-producers and IPPs wishing to feed their electricity into the grid . It could also let in producers who wish to collaborate with utilities to hybridise existing fossil fuel generators . # Off-grid renewable energy options The Nigerien government considers energy a cross-cutting challenge , given the heavy reliance on traditional biomass using unsustainable appliances , increasing power demand for economic transformation and less than 2 % rural energy access . Grid extension has been traditionally viewed as a ‘ silver bullet ’ for universal electricity access . However , it is increasingly becoming clear that the grid pathway on its own has limitations . High population dispersal , small loads and low load densities across large countries such as Niger are some of the limiting factors . Extending transmission lines to remote areas in Niger at a cost of USD 20,000-120,000/km will be financially prohibitive . Different small-scale renewable energy technologies like solar PV , wind energy and biomass systems are commercially maturing , along with new and innovative service delivery mechanisms . This means off-grid electrification has emerged as a viable alternative for rural electricity access . There is considerable experience of offgrid PV electrification , water pumping and solar water heating systems in Niger . Each of these will be explored below . # Off-grid PV electricity The main decentralised renewable energy system being promoted in Niger for rural electricity is solar PV . It has been employed since the 1970s for a variety of end uses : water services ( village water solar/wind pumping ) , education ( lighting ) , health ( lighting and refrigeration ) , telecommunications , agriculture and livestock . As of 2013 , installed PV capacity for off-grid services amounted to over 4,000 kW ( Table