and gas will provide much-needed relief from the country ’ s energy security problems and endless difficulties maintaining a healthy balance of trade in the short term , renewables are also likely to feature as an important longterm platform for closing the electricity access gap , especially in rural settlements . Several strategies such as Programme National de Reference d ’ Acces aux Services Energétiques –PRASE - National Reference Programme on Access to Energy Services , have outlined the important role of renewable energy in delivering energy services . Over the past five years this programme has increased the installed capacity of decentralised solar systems for a wide range of end uses by about 1 MW . Niger ’ s future development will largely be determined by whether it exploits the range of energy resources it has to good effect . The country still has some way to go in addressing a number of social development problems in education , health and water services . Energy services will continue to play a major role in resolving them . The government of Niger has long recognised that lack of energy access seriously handicaps development , and efforts to remedy this problem need to be scaled up . Indeed , in many of these successful cases elsewhere , energy intervention in the social and economic sectors namely health , water , agriculture and education was made as part of a comprehensive development strategy . These two aims are not mutually exclusive but intertwined . For Niger , increasing electricity access and making a transition from inefficient biomass use is not only about having the resources available . It will require sound policies , an effective regulatory framework , robust and dynamic institutions and sustained capacity development programmes . # The Renewables Readiness Assessment ( RRA ) process in Niger A senior officer at the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy ( MoEP ) with a thorough knowledge and experience in renewables was the RRA focal point in Niger . Following preparations by the national consultant and MoEP , a representative from the ECOWAS Centre for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency ( ECREEE ) wrote to identified key institutions selected to be part of the technical/expert team . They were invited to the formal launch of the RRA at a kick-off meeting on in July 2012 where they were divided into three thematic subgroups . The subgroups met in August 2012 respectively , having had time to go through the background note prepared by the national consultant ( ETIC-Sarl ) in advance of their scheduled meetings . The subgroups reviewed the tentative list resource-service pairs suggested by MoEP after discussions with the national consultant to be further analysed and discussed . A national workshop held in September 2012 prioritised five manageable short- to medium-term priority resource-service pairs . The workshop also identified and recommended a set of seven concrete action points to resolve limited systemic , institutional and individual capacity constraints . Resolving these