the PV systems is in the initial cost , while fossil-based systems have higher recurrent costs over their lifetime . # On-grid wind There are no grid-connected wind power generators in Niger . Windy areas suitable for wind power generation are generally located in the northern part of the country . However , these tend to be sparsely populated . Nevertheless , a few urban centres may benefit from wind power investment , and in these isolated cases , it may be possible to make the economic case for it . A pre-feasibility study was carried out for grid-connected wind power generation in the relatively windy area of Agadez . Turbines would have a combined capacity of 20 MW with an annual generation rate of 45 GWh and system costs of USD 3,000/kW . The analysis showed a payback period of about 15 years for a system that will operate over 20 years , feeding the utility at USD 0.158/kWh . The levelised cost result was also encouraging at USD 0.10/kWh , illustrating that a large wind system can generate electricity at a rate competitive with the incumbent generation system . Further analysis was made using a more optimistic system cost scenario of USD 2,200/kW , yielding a payback period of about ten years and a levelised cost of USD 0.07/kWh ( Figure 15 ) 3 . The Agadez Area draws electricity from a coal-fired system at the moment , and this is estimated to have a generation cost of about USD 0.12/kWh . This makes wind power a cost-competitive option in this part of Niger if only generation is taken into account . Naturally , other factors also need to be taken into account before an investment of this magnitude is considered . There may be other sites that combine favourable wind conditions with other factors such as high electricity demand and high density of settlement . However , wind data across Niger are scanty at best , and a detailed national wind energy assessment would go some way to identifying appropriate sites for wind power generation . Wind power generation offers an opportunity to improve the electrification rate by harnessing and diversifying the use of locally available resources . It also meets the government ’ s social and economic transformation aspirations as outlined in PDES . New business models are needed to address the frequently high capital cost of renewable energy systems and to reduce investment risk to meaningfully engage the investor community . This requires the creation of robust policies and an investment climate conducive to renewable energy development and implementation . Appropriate regulations including waiver on import sales tax and favourable corporation tax for renewable energy developers would need to be part of the effort to stimulate investor confidence . Strong efforts will also be required to build efficient administration and management capacity in responsible government agencies . There is also a need to strengthen skills in engineering , business , finance and contract negotiations across