with some local market development as a secondary objective , which did not deliver . Gas developments will henceforth be on a project-by-project basis but backed by a clear DSO , which means delivery of domestic gas projects will be the primary not secondary objective of project developers . Within this regulatory push ( of a DSO ) , gas development will be essentially market-led rather than centrally planned . Rather than trying to continue with a centrally planned national market development , the gas policy proposes a project-based and market opportunity-led approach as a more effective way to grow gas markets . Appropriate frameworks will be developed to support gas-based projects , including gas transport pipelines and associated anchor customers or demand clusters . Projects will largely be developed by project developers from the private sector . The government will set the environment and support investors in gas-based industrial projects with appropriate interventions to bring their projects to fruition . Gas-Based Industrialisation The vision of the gas policy is for gas-based industrialisation of Nigeria . This means that gas-fired power plants will continue to be targeted but the government will also promote the development of gas for industrial purposes . The long-term vision for Nigeria is a diverse industrial base that is fired by natural gas . Market Growth from Anchor Customers Project-based gas industrialisation will mean that gas market development projects will grow around anchor customers . Anchor customers are large consumption centres where the demand is large enough and which are profitable enough , to enable the infrastructure to be built ( including gas gathering and processing ; gas transportation pipelines ; and consumption site facilities ) . There are essentially four types of anchor customer that a natural gas project-based approach will support : • Gas fired power generation ; • Large industrial customerssuch as Ajaokuta Steel ; • Distribution companies ; • Industrial parks . Identifying and Developing Clusters A cluster in the Nigerian energy context , is a geographical part of the country where there is a demand centre ( large enough and with economically viable consumers ) , a short transportation system and a source of energy supply . Because there currently remain some problems with Transmission Company of Nigeria ( TCN ) in terms of the ability to consistently transfer large volumes of stable electricity around the country on a national grid , alternative ways of getting energy to consumers is under consideration by many parties . Gas and LPG can be parts of the solution . As part of the gas policy , studies will be undertaken to identify where there are clusters which could form anchor loads for a gas project . The government will facilitate the development of these gas projects to clusters but the private sector is expected to develop the projects . The gas policy also encourages further gas development for other projects , including : • Petrochemical plants ; • Fertiliser plants ; • Village power