to prioritise low-cost gas development ; d. Clarify gas terms for PSCs ; e. Achieve gas flare-out through gas utilisation projects utilising mature flare reduction technologies ; f. Produce a Gas Resource Management Plan . 4 . Infrastructure : a . Identify and proceed with the development of key gas infrastructure ; b. Liberalise access to offshore and onshore gas transmission infrastructure and gas processing . 5 . Building Gas Markets : a . Continue gas exports consistent with domestic gas market development ; b . Identify and promote domestic gas market development projects ; c. Gain more value from international downstream LNG markets ; d. Pursue a project-based and market-opportunity approach , rather than centrally-planned national model ; e. Identify and develop clusters for gas resource , infrastructure and gasbased industrialisation ; f. Develop and implement a gas-for-development programme , encouraging gas for smaller-scale projects ; g. Take steps to ensure rapid growth of the LPG market , including reviewing effectiveness of NPMC as a market leader/maker ; h. Investigate , develop and gain access to regional African gas markets ; i . Set a suitable environment for financing of gas projects . 6 . Developing National Human Resources : a . Develop Nigerian content and implement Nigerian Content Act ; b . Build institutional capacity ; c. Introduce a maintenance and safety culture.7 . Communications : Internal and external communications strategy ; 8 . Roadmap and Action Plan : a . Action plan for short term ( months ) ; b . Implementation Plan for medium term ( 1-2 years ) ; c. Implementation Plan for long term ( over two years ) . # 2 . INTRODUCTION # 2.1 . Statement of the Gas Policy This policy document builds on the policy goals of the Federal Government for the gas sector as presented in the 7 Big Wins initiative ( www.7Bigwins.com ) developed by the Ministry of Petroleum Resources and the National Economic Recovery & Growth Plan ( ERGP 2017 – 2020 ) . The Policy articulates the vision of the Federal Government of Nigeria , sets goals , strategies and proposes an implementation plan for the introduction of an appropriate institutional , legal , regulatory and commercial framework for the gas sector . It is intended to remove the barriers affecting investment and development in the sector . The policy will be reviewed and updated periodically to ensure consistency in Government policy objectives at all times . Government shall abide by the provisions of this policy unless and until reviewed or replaced by a formal restatement of policy duly gazetted by the Government . # 2.2 . Definition of Gas for the Policy Although the definitions set out in this policy are indicative , the policy is clear that the upstream , midstream and downstream segments will be clearly separated . Detailed definitions of gas and the parts of the value chain will be set out in legislation . distinguish Petroleum is defined to cover all