some 10 % could be cleared as safe . Unsafe cylinders , owned by the consumers and which are cross-filled , are major safety hazards . The Scope of the LPG Policy The scope of the policy for LPG in Nigeria covers its uses in the following areas : 1 . Domestic : Broader penetration of LPG into homes – low income , rural etc . ; 2 . Power Generation : Encouraging the wider use of LPG in off grid and on grid power generation ; 3 . Autogas : Encouraging the wider use of LPG of autogas in Nigeria ; 4 . Industrial : Expansion of LPG use in industrial applications to include : a . Agriculture : Dairy production ; poultry farming ; CO2 generation for greenhouses etc . ; b . Industry – Steam and direct heat applications , glass production , clean food applications ; c. Commercial – hotels , laundries etc . Domestic Applications Cooking energy has evolved from the use of fire wood and other biomass sources , to even more inefficient high polluting and health endangering fuels , such as dirty hydrocarbon related energy sources as traditional fuels for domestic cooking/heating activities . Approximately 30 million households and more than 100 million Nigerians depend on wood as a source of energy for cooking but this has come with collateral damage to human health , environment and economy of the country . According to WHO , smoke from open fire is Nigeria ’ s third biggest killer with over 95,000 deaths annually behind Malaria and HIV/AIDS . Moreover , traditional cooking methods are expensive , burning up to 90 % more wood than is necessary and costing poor families money that could be put to better use on education , health and nutrition . The use of firewood also contributes to massive deforestation especially in northern Nigeria while compounding the challenges of climate change . Similarly , the use of kerosene as a cooking energy source also shares most of the challenges of firewood . LPG brings manifold benefits to human health , environment as well as economy of Nigeria . As a domestic cooking fuel LPG therefore presents valuable opportunities to simultaneously combat climate change , reverse deforestation and improve community health and rural economy and livelihood . LPG has relatively low emissions when compared to other cooking fuels such as firewood and kerosene . According to the World Liquefied Petroleum Gas Association ( WLPGA ) , LPG delivers far higher calorific value/heat content per unit compared to kerosene or firewood . In Nigeria , NLPGA research in 2015 shows that the end user pays an average amount of N130 for a litre of kerosene . The average cost of 1kg of LPG is N240 , which means 0.37kg of LPG equates to N89 . It goes to show that even against subsidised kerosene a consumer of kerosene will spend N130 per litre for fuel compared with N89 the same consumer will