, especially for JV and Service contracts which contribute 88 % of the total associated gas flared in the country ; 3 . Existing AG fields need to start planning and investing in the utilisation of the associated gas to be supplied into the market , and to come up with economic plans for their development ; 4 . The government will consider regulations to allow for open access to gas gathering pipelines , to ensure that flared gas has access to gas gathering systems and gas processing facilities ; 5 . If the proposed regulations do not prove enough , the government will consider further measures to ensure effective and significant gas flare reductions . Uneconomic Fields For those few fields where it is clearly shown to be uneconomic to develop and implement a gas flare reduction plan , the government will consider other options . These could include orders to shut in production at those fields . 6.5 . Gas Field Development Plans Government considers that the best time to intervene to ensure an optimised gas development plan is at the approval stage . AG fields are unlikely to be allowed to be developed unless there is a gas field development plan ( FDP ) in place . FDPs without acceptable plans for AG development should be deferred in favour of other projects . All upstream development proposals ( oil or gas ) should contain : 1 . A study of the economic efficiency of the FDP ; 2 . A practical gas utilisation plan for field life ; 3 . An assessment of the reliability and robustness of the marketing plan ; 4 . A study of the use of shared infrastructure especially for gathering and processing ; 5 . Clear HSE plans with targets . Clear performance criteria should be set for the retention , withdrawal and relinquishment of exploration licences . 6.6 . Gas Resource Management Plan Gas development must be undertaken in accordance with Nigeria ’ s national socioeconomic development priorities . Accordingly , the government through the MPR and with support from NNPC and industry will produce a Gas Resource Management Plan . This will : • identify gas resources in different geological areas ; • identify current and potential gas markets ; • identify infrastructure needs ; • analyse how best to access low cost gas for delivery to domestic gas markets . The Gas Resource Management Plan will classify gas resources according to the following categories : • Low-cost assets dedicated to domestic gas supply ( National Preferential Assets ) ; • Assets dedicated to export ; • National Strategic Gas Reserve ( reserved for future development ) ; • Optional assets ( sole risk assets ) . # 7 . INFRASTRUCTURE 7.1 . National Gas Infrastructure Blueprint The key gas infrastructure needs will be identified and appropriate recommendations for upgrading the design of the existing National Gas Infrastructure Blueprint will be made to Government . The gas infrastructure required will