implemented to meet the vision outlined in this document . Government will leverage its large gas portfolio to ensure that gas development is undertaken in accordance with Nigeria ’ s national socio-economic development priorities . # 3 . VISION AND OBJECTIVES 3.1 . Vision “ To be an attractive gas-based industrial nation , giving primary attention to meeting local gas demand requirements , and developing a significant presence in international markets ” . This Vision for Nigerian gas contains key aspirations : 1 . Move the economy from oil to gas ; 2 . Diversify the gas supply options within Nigeria , to ensure security of supply ; 3 . Extend gas penetration in the domestic market in order to facilitate the growth of the electric power , agricultural , industrial and transportation sectors ; 4 . Gain a presence for Nigerian gas in international markets ; 5 . Operate a gas industry with a clear division of roles between private and public sectors : o Public sector policy making ; implementation and regulation ; o Private sector investment and operations ; 6 . End gas flaring and address environmental issues ; 7 . Provide an enabling environment for increased private sector participation in the gas sector ; 8 . Clarify the rules guiding investment in the gas sector . 3.2 . Mission “ To move Nigeria from a crude oil export-based economy to an attractive oil and gas-based industrial economy ” Realisation of these lofty objectives will depend on the successful implementation of the following : 1 . Set clear gas policies ; 2 . Establish a clear legal and regulatory framework ; 3 . Communicate the vision to government agencies , local and international stakeholders ; 4 . Ensure security of gas supply through : o developing new gas supply resources ; o installing an optimal infrastructure network ; 5 . Provide an attractive climate for investment ; 6 . Seek value addition in downstream high value international and national markets ; 7 . Direct low-cost gas for domestic markets ; 8 . Realign the public sector to provide policy , legal and regulatory support to the industry ; 9 . Introduce international best practice in operations and in governance ; 10.Ensure that operations are conducted in an environmentally clean manner . 3.3 . Strategic Objectives of the Gas Policy In order to meet the Vision and Mission , strategic objectives of the gas policy have been defined as follows : 1 . Communicate the vision and the gas policy internally and externally ; 2 . Identify new gas resources , grow reserves and diversify gas supplies , from : o Niger Delta ; o Offshore ; o Inland basins ; 3 . Gas flare out ; 4 . Establish a clear policy , institutional , legal and regulatory framework : o Gas policy ; o Gas legislation ; o Regulatory authority ; o Secondary legislation ( regulation ) ; 5 . Enable a conducive environment for investors