will support strengthening government capacities on gender-sensitive economic policies , innovations , planning , and the use of gender-disaggregated data to strengthen efforts that empower women and leverage advantages to better respond to sexual and gender-based violence ( SGBV ) by supporting national and local partners in developing , strengthening and implementing the required legislative frameworks and building more gender-sensitive legal and judicial institutions . This will involve UNDP strengthening the evidence base to inform strategies to advance women ’ s empowerment and gender equality , and support the country in producing nationwide data on SGBV for programming , analysis , and policymaking purposes in partnership with the Federal Ministry of Women Affairs . 18 . UNDP will deepen partnerships with development partners , namely the European Union , governments of Germany , Japan , Norway , Sweden , the Netherlands , Korea , Canada , the United Kingdom , United States , and Global Environmental Facility ( GEF ) and establish new ones with international financial institutions like the World Bank , African Development Bank ( AfDB ) , and the Islamic Development Bank . Cognizant of the vibrancy of the private sector in Nigeria in innovation , development financing , impact investments , ease of doing business , job creation , climate action and inclusive governance UNDP will further strengthen engagement with the private sector to build more ambitious and effective partnerships . Collaborative opportunities will be explored with multilateral environmental financing institutions to scale up engagements with United Nations funds like the Peacebuilding Fund , Human Security Trust Fund , and the Joint SDG Fund . Moreover , UNDP will develop long-term partnerships with think tanks , chambers of commerce , innovation hubs , and research institutions and foster lasting technical collaborative relationships with CSOs . # III . Programme and risk management 19 . This CPD outlines UNDP contributions to national results and serves as the primary unit of accountability to the Executive Board for results alignment and resources assigned to the programme at the country level . In accordance with Executive Board decision 2013/9 , UNDP will systematically ensure all direct costs associated with project implementation are charged to concerned projects . In addition , UNDP will review structures and procedures to ensure they are “ fit for purpose ” when implementing the programme and agile enough to adapt to evolving contexts , United Nations reform actions and the new UNDP Strategic Plan for 2022–2025 . 20 . The programme will be nationally executed as per the Harmonized Approach to Cash Transfers ( HACT ) and in coordination with other United Nations Specialized Agencies to manage financial risks and strengthen national execution capacities . In exceptional circumstances , national execution may be replaced by direct execution in response to force majeure . UNDP direct implementation will safeguard accountability in complex programming situations that is backed by conscious data collection and analysis , and aligned with effective risk management , evidence generationand adaptive programmatic implementationNational ownership