petroleum related products , including crude oil , petroleum products and other derivatives of crude oil , natural gas , and various gas liquids and condensates . The complementary petroleum policy document concentrates on oil and oil products while gas is covered by this Gas Policy document . The parts of the gas value chain , for the purposes of the Gas Policy , are defined as follows : Upstream : Activities related to : • Exploration for , development and production of gas ; • Drilling and operation of gas producing wells ; • Construction and operation of gas gathering pipelines ; • Gas separation and treatment facilities and operations ; • Transportation of personnel and equipment to and from upstream gas locations and facilities . Midstream : Activities related to : • Construction and operation of gas transportation pipelines , in general after the flow station ; • Gas processing facilities ; • Natural gas liquefaction plants ; • Gas bulk storage facilities ; • Shipping of gas and related products ; • Other bulk transport methods , such as rail , barge and trucks for transporting gas and related products on a wholesale basis . Downstream : Activities related to : • Construction and operation of facilities for distributing gas to customers ; • Retail stations for CNG ; • City gate reception terminals for gas ; • Distribution of gas ; • Wholesale marketing of gas and gas products ; • Marketing , retailing and sale of gas . The reasons for the clear separation of the segments of the gas value chain are : • For fiscal reasons ( dealt with in the complementary Petroleum Fiscal Policy ) ; • To enable market entry and access for new entrants and investors . A clear separation and distinction between the upstream and the midstream will provide a level playing field between incumbents and new entrants , ensure clarity in midstream regulation , and will provide a basis for ending the practice of consolidation of midstream costs against upstream tax liabilities . # 2.3 . Background Nigeria – A Gas Play and not an Oil Play The most dominant natural resource in Nigeria is natural gas . With proven gas reserves of 188 trillion cubic feet ( tcf ) of gas and the 9th largest gas reserves in the world , Nigeria has more gas reserves than oil . Though Nigeria can be regarded as a gas province with some oil in it , little effort has been made to undertake exploration for gas . As a result , a significant proportion of Nigeria ’ s gas was discovered incidentally during exploration for oil . In 2015 , gas production was just 29 % of oil production and reserves production ratios were 46 years for oil against 102 years for gas ( reserves production ratio is a measure of how strenuously reserves are being exploited ) . Prior to 2014 and barring 2009 , Nigeria was exposed