better coordination between the gas and power sectors than there is now . There are however prevailing risks in the power sector that require the urgent attention of the Government . These include : • Power sector liquidity and payment assurances to the gas sector ; • Power transmission infrastructure limitations ; • Adequate capitalisation and funding of the bulk electricity trader . The Government shall imminently address prevailing power sector risks to enable bankable gas supply arrangements to the power sector . # 4.4 . Fiscal Framework Government Fiscal Philosophy A new fiscal policy and framework is proposed for the Nigerian petroleum sector . This is embedded in a separate and complementary National Petroleum Fiscal Policy document issued by the Government . The philosophy for the fiscal framework of the gas policy is to set fiscal rules that are clear , transparent , globally competitive and designed to incentivise all participants . The role of the government is seen as not to create economic distortions that confer an advantage on or favour any particular party . The purpose of the fiscal framework is to make gas standalone , separate from oil . Hence , gas projects will be developed based on their economics and not dependent on or consolidated against oil taxation . Current Fiscal Structure Currently , under the Associated Gas Framework Agreement ( AGFA ) ( codified in section 11 , Petroleum Profits Tax Act ) , AG and NAG costs can be recovered from oil income . This has led to a number of distortions : 1 . It discriminates against investors without oil tax capacity ( that is , it discriminates against companies who do not have oil operations , and therefore are unable to expense their gas costs against oil operations in the manner that upstream investors in gas projects can ) ; 2 . It incentivises oil companies to build gas infrastructure ( in some cases unnecessarily oversized gas infrastructure ) for fiscal reasons ( to include in their cost oil base for offset against their profit oil , which ultimately is paid for by the Nigerian government ) ; 3 . It has meant that the only gas infrastructure not built for fiscal purposes has been built by the Nigerian government , via NGC ; 4 . When the oil price is low ( as is the situation now ) , tax capacity ( the ability to collect tax on profit oil ) declines . Fiscal Rules of General Application Fiscal Rules of General Application ( FRGA ) is the framework through which the interests of the state and that of the investor are codified . Seven main thematic areas that need to be addressed in the fiscal system for Nigeria are : 1 . Governance – the key governing institutions of the oil and gas industry and their role as prescribed by the separation principle , i.e. , of policy , regulation and commercial operations ; 2 . Funding of the