such as carbon sequestration or wider deployment of nuclear power , gas flaring can be dealt with today through a variety of existing high-performance technologies . New technology solutions for the capture and utilisation of associated gas are encouraged , which could include , for example : 1 . Power generation projects designed to utilise flared gas ; 2 . Replacing diesel fuel with gas for power generation with small gas engines ; 3 . Combining new processing systems with efficient fuel flexible gas turbines ; 4 . Small-scale GTL or mini-LNG plants ; 5 . Gas infrastructure ( processing and transportation ) solutions ; 6 . Identifying and designing the full value chain for gas supply , including gas gathering pipelines , to connect different small- and large-size flaring fields . The commercialisation of flared gas for supply into the domestic market is a high priority strategy for the Government in achieving the national mandate for flare-out by 2020 . To ensure that flared gas is put to use in markets , the government will take measures to ensure that flare capture and utilisation projects are developed , and will work collaboratively with industry , development partners , providers of flare-capture technologies and third party investors to this end . Flare-Out Targets The Government plans to open an industry consultation mechanism , as an important measure in ensuring flaring targets are feasible and regulations are realistic . Gas Flaring Penalties The current gas flare penalty of N10/Mscf ( equivalent US $ 0.03 ) of associated gas flared is too low , having been eroded in value over time , and is not acting as intended , as a disincentive . Consequently , the low penalty has made gas flaring a much cheaper option for operators compared to the alternatives of marketing or re-injection . The intention of Government is to increase the gas flaring penalty to an appropriate level sufficient to de-incentivise the practice of gas flaring whilst introducing other measures to encourage efficient gas utilisation . It will also be an offence for false data regarding gas flaring to be provided , with a steep tier of fines for providing false data to any FG agency relating to flares . New Field Developments The government intends to develop regulations which will prohibit any greenfield oil and/or gas project from moving forward until there is a proper integrated plan for the development of the hydrocarbons thereby ensuring that no gas flaring occurs during production of hydrocarbons , except in very special circumstances such as emergencies for operational reasons . Existing Fields For existing AG fields , brown field sites , the government will also consider other options to ensure significant gas flare reductions . 1 . Operators of existing AG fields need to produce integrated gas flare reduction plans ; they will then be expected to implement those plans ; 2 . The government will consider a new sliding scale penalty to be introduced for existing brown field sites