its supply obligations . Europe Gas demand in Europe remains lower than forecast when NLNG Trains 1-6 were commissioned . There are several factors supporting the view that European gas demand may stay low for the foreseeable future.One is the state of the Eurozone economies . Eight years after the financial crisis , southern European economic growth remains low ( while northern European economies are growing strongly ) . Europe ( southern Europe at least ) may be entering a period similar to what was called “ the lost decade ” in Japan , where despite many government fiscal stimuli , the economy remained stagnant . The short and possibly medium term uncertainty surrounding Brexit will only exacerbate European economic growth concerns . Northern European economies , which are growing well , have abundant gas supplies . Even though the UK has turned from being a net gas exporter to now being a ( small ) net gas importer , there are abundant gas supplies in Norway , with pipeline supplies across the North Sea , and indeed Norwegian LNG exports ( in particular the Snøvit field LNG liquefaction offshore northern Norway ) ; and nearby in Russia ( with Shtockman LNG in the Barents Sea off northern Russia ) . There are other LNG markets in the periphery of Europe , such as Turkey , which has received some Nigerian LNG supplies , or Egypt , which has also turned from being a gas exporter to a gas importer . Gas markets in the Eastern Mediterranean are likely to be small , however , as gas resources are also being developed in the region . Power Generation in Europe Another threat potentially reducing LNG demand in Europe is the drive towards renewable energy . Europe has turned a corner where renewable energy has now become mainstream across Europe . Europe is reducing its reliance on thermal energy of all sorts . The growth in electricity generated from renewable sources during the period 2003 to 2013 largely reflects an expansion of wind turbines , solar power and biomass , although hydropower remained the single largest source for renewable electricity generated in the EU-28 . Other Factors Supporting Gas in Europe Two general trends across Western Europe are the decommissioning of ageing coal plants and the move away from nuclear power . Germany has taken a policy to move away completely from nuclear power . The UK and France are committed to continuing nuclear power generation but both countries are encountering technical and financial problems . The result is that there is likely to be a continuing role for gas for power generation in Europe , to replace coal generation and to take up the slack that new nuclear power will not be able to meet . Commoditisation of LNG Costs of LNG liquefaction , shipping and regasification in particular have been falling steadily over the years . LNG used to be differentiated as a high-priced product in Europe ; however