, with Africa dividing the two . The two basins operate differently , with different suppliers and markets , and different contractual terms . Due to LNG boil off over time as well as freight and insurance costs , LNG from one basin is generally uncompetitive in the other . Figure 4 : A Mountain of New Supplies over the Next 5 years Asia Pacific was the major market for Nigeria LNG in 2015 . But with two major exporters ( Qatar and Australia ) and the huge new volumes about to supply the same region , Nigerian LNG will probably struggle for market penetration in the future . Nigeria is naturally an Atlantic basin supplier . There certainly have been and will continue to be Nigerian LNG deliveries to Pacific basin markets but they are unlikely to be major markets for Nigeria , as there are actual and potential major LNG producers geographically closer to East Asian markets ( including Qatar , Abu Dhabi , Tanzania , Mozambique , Indonesia , Malaysia , Australia and so on ) . Pacific Basin Australia : Australia currently is the second largest exporter of LNG and is expected to overtake Qatar as the world ’ s largest exporter when seven LNG projects totalling 57.6 mtpa , which are currently under construction are commissioned between 2016 and 2017 . They are expected to enter the Asia pacific market , which currently takes all of Australia ’ s LNG exports These volumes of LNG are more than twice the total volume of Nigeria ’ s LNG export or liquefaction capacity . Mozambique : Mozambique has emerged as the second largest gas reserves holder in Africa following offshore discoveries made since 2009 . It is aggressively developing plans to commercialise its gas resource . Development of four LNG trains is ongoing with future plans for up to ten trains . Tanzania : Tanzania has also made some considerable offshore gas discoveries , with contingent resources estimated at 29 tcf and possible resources up to 50 tcf . In the medium term , BG and Statoil are developing two LNG trains , with plans to increase to four trains in the long term . Mozambique and Tanzania are both developing the same Rovuma basin which crosses the border between the two countries . Mozambique and Tanzania each pose considerable competition for Nigerian LNG for Asian markets ( East Asia , South Asia and the Middle East ) , even more so when both schemes are considered together . Papua New Guinea : Papua New Guinea joined the league of LNG exporting countries by bringing in LNG supply from Yemen ( another LNG exporting nation ) . The Papua New Guinea LNG project has been exporting LNG to Southeast Asia since 2014 , producing 6.9 mtpa from 2015 , with an estimated production of more than 9 tcf of gas over the project lifetime . Indonesia : Indonesia is cutting down on its gas export obligations as