Council of Nigeria ( NCCCN ) , Ministry of Finance , Budget , and National Planning ( MFBNP ) , Office of the Security Advisor ( OSA ) , Federal Ministry of Environment ( FME ) , Development Bank of Nigeria ( DBN ) , Infrastructure Bank of Nigeria , and Bank of Industry . Climate-security nexus hubs piloted in the northwest of Nigeria , in partnership with development partners like the governments of Norway and Germany , will be leveraged and scaled to foster resilience to shocks . 12 . UNDP will support the Government of Nigeria to achieve its objective of greening the economy using a set of integrated solutions as per five pathways . 1 ) Supporting implementation of Nationally Determined Contributions ( NDCs ) towards net zero and climate resilience using a broad range of policy options and leveraging the Montreal Protocol implementation . Partnerships will be deepened with the British Foreign , Commonwealth and Development Office ( FCDO ) , United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) , UNICEF , World Bank , and Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) , tapping into innovation , advocacy , and capacity-building abilities . 2 ) Strengthening mitigation measures to climate security risks by enhancing local capacities for proactive de-escalation of conflicts , stabilization , and recovery through youth engagement in peacebuilding and climate resilience . This also includes greening the Sahel for sustainable peace in alliance with the Office of the National Security Adviser and providing platforms for scaling climate-peace hubs . 3 ) Accelerating nature-based sustainable livelihoods for protecting biodiversity and ecosystem services through the adoption of integrated , effective , protected area management , enforcement , and sustainable land use agroecological approaches , especially targeting women and youth by leveraging the UNDP-led Global Biodiversity programme alongside the World Bank and FAO . 4 ) Promoting risk-informed green and circular economic development through emission trading schemes , scaling up access to clean and affordable energy , enhancing decarbonization , de-risking private investments and off-grid clean energy technologies for productive uses through blended finance , and focusing on rural populations , people affected by conflict or crisis , women and girls , people living with disabilities , and youth in collaboration with the national Rural Electrification Agency , Energy Commission of Nigeria , and African Development Bank . 5 ) Enhancing communication and data-driven ecological stewardship for strengthened dialogue between government , civil society , and the private sector . 13 . Governance , peace and security . A leading organization in the development of the UNSDCF , UNDP supports improved public confidence in key institutions of governance , enhances accountability , public sector transparency , security and conflict management , and promotes inclusive governance , access to justice and the protection of fundamental rights . As such , partnerships with civil society organizations ( CSOs ) , the private sector , and professional bodies will be nurtured to support engendering progressive views on