limited to the following : 1 . Constitute the various MDAs , Associations and Parastatals bodies identified in this policy within the National LPG Council under the various taskforces , where such MDAs , Associations and Parastatals bodies would be most relevant ; 2 . Monitor the progress of the implementation of the initiative ; 3 . Ensure coordination among the Task Forces , implementing MDAs and the FGN ; 4 . Serve as the secretariat for the LPG Council ; 5 . Evaluate the impact during the implementation phase ; 6 . Co-ordinate all activities relative to the development of the domestic LPG market . 8.5 . Gaining Regional African Markets A policy option for Nigeria is to strive to become the hub for a regional interconnected gas market in West and Central Africa . This is a long-term aim because : • Regional African gas markets are not yet big enough and have to be grown over time ; • As a first step , the challenges of managing regional gas export through WAGP , need to be addressed and overcome . The Nigerian government intends to learn the lessons from WAGP and address them , and to look for opportunities over the medium to long term to expand pipeline gas supplies and LNG sales to neighbouring African countries . 8.6. Financing Gas Projects Gas projects need to be financed . The policy is to encourage all types of project financing but the Nigerian government direct project-financing role will be minimal in future . # 9 . DEVELOPING NATIONAL HUMAN RESOURCES 9.1 . Current Nigerian Background Some Unique Features Affecting Nigerian Local Content The need to develop Nigerian human resources and methods for doing so , are described in the following sections . Much of that discussion applies to any national local content development plan . Nigeria though has some unique features in the petroleum sector which have to be taken into account and considered when developing a local content strategy for the nation . Local Content in a Depressed Economy Nigeria is now in the depths of a major recession , and early recovery may be a challenge . It is more difficult to develop Nigerian local content in a low oil price environment where contractors are cutting jobs . Developing human resources in an environment of cutting human resources is not easy . Another issue , which is more fundamental , and which has more impact in this current era of cost cutting , There is evidence that Nigerian contractors make projects more expensive . This is a more fundamental issue , which has more impact in this current era of cost cutting . Were it not for legislation , project developers would rather import foreign workers and contractors , at a lower net cost to their operations . A policy approach is to encourage indigenous participation at competitive prices consistent with the law . 9.2 . Introduction Policy Statement Developing Nigerian human resources , to