expatriate packages from abroad ( the costs of which are charged to the JV ) . The gas policy recognises the need for technical training , and one of the objectives of the gas policy is to improve the level of technical training within Nigeria . Supervised Experience As already mentioned , university degrees and technical qualifications are not enough . There is also need to gain supervised practical experience before such personnel can be called competent . International accreditation bodies have approached the development of competences in several main ways : 1. International accreditation institutes ( such as City and Guilds or the Gas Industry Apprenticeship Framework , both in the UK ) accredit training organisations who provide approved courses ; 2 . Alternatively , international accreditation institutes ( the Institute of Engineering and Technology for example ) do not accredit training , but instead they accredit organisations ( companies ) to provide a competency based approach to enable engineers attain supervised practical experience that enables them to attain a Chartered Engineer status ; 3 . In some cases , an international accreditation institute could approve existing courses . In order for competency development to work , there needs to be a large and dedicated group of experienced supervisors who can supervise and accredit the practical work experience of the students . These are people who are recognised internationally as competent who are working in the industry . Nigeria will need to ensure that there are sufficient numbers of competent workers in the industry who can act as supervisors for trainees or apprentices . In other words , a “ train the trainers ” programme will need to be set up to develop accredited work experience.It is feasible and essential to set up a competency development framework for the Nigerian gas industry . It is recognised though that currently there are not enough accredited experts to support a competency framework . Gas Industry Expected to Develop Competency Schemes While the Nigerian government will do what it can to build the competency building approach in Nigeria , the industry is expected to and will be encouraged to develop gas industry appropriate competency schemes . This may be together with public sector agencies . The government will look to the private sector gas industry to develop competent worker schemes . Competent worker schemes may take the form of apprenticeships . The project-based training of the NCDMB also provides a good model that could be expanded across the industry . Because of their international experience and expertise in this , the international oil and gas companies are expected to be proactive in developing industry wide schemes . The government needs to make it clear to the industry what is expected from the industry participants , particularly the international gas companies . The industry for their part are expected to put in place schemes to ensure that competent gas workers are produced and made available to work on projects in Nigeria . Initially