use and the introduction of appropriate fiscal and other incentives to encourage investors to choose LPG over other forms of fuel for their power plants . Improve Access by the Poorest and Reduce Desertification The government intends to kick-start the market for LPG among the poorest who are currently using kerosene and firewood , which are dangerous to health and destructive on the environment , contributing to desertification . This will be through pilot schemes combined with behaviour change programmes . The government intends to introduce pilot programmes ( at least two , one in the north and one in the south ) of free handouts of small LPG cylinders , cookers and basic supply , with consumers expected thereafter to pay for further supplies of LPG fuel . These will be combined with behaviour change programmes among consumers . Goals & Objectives of the LPG Policy The government policy for LPG in Nigeria is to ensure the development of a strong and rapidly growing LPG market in Nigeria . This will include action to ensure that : 1. infrastructure challenges are addressed ; 2. market at import jetties are opened up to enable third party access ; 3. port clearance is improved ; 4. entry cost for consumers is minimised ; 5. the entry of more players into the market is encouraged ; 6. the effectiveness and operations of PPMC is reviewed and PPMC restructured ; 7. free unregulated pricing are maintained , whilst ensuring ensure price publication and price monitoring ; 8. the regulatory environment is improved , particularly regarding enforcement of safety regulations and discouraging the practice of shortselling ; 9. the fiscal environment is improved to provide at least equality of treatment for domestic producers ; 10.customer education / awareness programmes are launched ; 11.access by the poorest is improved . The overall goal of the policy on LPG is to promote its wider use in Domestic , Power generation , Autogas and industrial applications towards the attainment of Five Million ( 5,000,000 ) MT utilisation in 5 years . It is estimated that about $ 10.38 bn could be generated for the economy if 50 % of the current kerosene and firewood users switch over to LPG by 2018 , creating along with it , over one million skilled jobs in various segments of the LPG supply value chain . In the same vein , the utilisation of LPG can also generate far reaching positive outcomes for our public health and environment as well as saving cost for government at all tiers . Development Model for Domestic LPG Market With a view to successfully ensuring the transformation of the LPG sector , a number of strategies , listed below , under four thematic groups namely Availability , Affordability , Accessibility and Acceptability , are considered appropriate . These are : Availability As a Medium term strategy , a blend of 40 % import content of cylinders and 60 % local manufacturing content is expected by