attract investment into the sector . Vision : To be an attractive gasbased industrial nation , giving primary attention to meeting local gas demand requirements , and developing a significant presence in international markets ” . Mission : “ To move Nigeria from a crude oil export-based economy to an attractive oil and gas-based industrial economy ” . The gas policy intends to move Nigeria from an oil-based to an oil and gas-based industrial economy . This gas-based industrialisation will be driven by some CORE PRINCIPLES : • Separate the respective roles and responsibilities of government and the private sector ; • Establish a single independent petroleum regulatory authority ; • Implement full legal separation of the upstream from the midstream ; • Implement full legal separation of gas infrastructure ownership and operations from gas trading ; • Realise more of the LNG international downstream value ; • Pursue a project-based , rather than a centrally-planned domestic gas development approach ; • Make a strong maintenance and safety culture a priority ; • Implement international best practice for environmental protection ; • Establish strong linkages with electric power , agriculture , transport and industrial sectors ; • Establish payment discipline throughout the energy chain ; • Honour stability of contract terms ; • Ensure security of assets ; • Ensure compliance with the Nigerian Content Act . The main aspects of the gas policy now cover : 1 . Governance ( Legislation and Regulation ) : a . Single independent petroleum regulatory authority ; b . Emphasis on petroleum safety compliance ; c. Full legal separation of the upstream from the midstream ; d. Full legal separation of gas infrastructure ownership and operations from gas trading ; e. Introduction of a relevant gas network code ; f. Pricing : i. Upstream gas price set by netback from export parity price during transitional period ; ii . Market-led wholesale gas pricing after the transitional period ; iii . Triggers for announcement of competitive wholesale market ; iv . LNG export tolling price ; v. Cost benchmarking for infrastructure facilities ; g. Fiscal framework which recognises gas as a stand-alone commodity and industry separate from oil.2 . Industry Structure : a . Mixed public-private participation , with a clear separation of roles between government and the private sector ; b . Restructuring of NGC into separate transport and gas marketing companies ; c. Strategic partnerships to support operations , in particular , for NGPTC ; d. Greater involvement in marketing Government–owned equity gas in international markets ; e. Move towards wholesale market competition ; f. Implementation of Domestic Gas Supply Obligations ; g. A review of gas aggregation policy and the future role of the Gas Aggregation Company of Nigeria . 3 . Developing Gas Resources : a . Enable an environment that encourages exploration specifically targeting gas ; b . Encourage exploration and development of new gas supply sources from the inland and offshore basins ; c. Develop portfolio management methodologies