of the OK and Brass LNG or other LNG projects as may be considered appropriate and commercially feasible . The intention , however , is for Nigeria to retain ownership of its natural gas up to the point of delivery into markets . The government therefore intends to move to a tolling arrangement with respect to exports of Government ’ s equity LNG from new projects , whereby the LNG liquefaction facility is paid a fee for liquefying the government share of gas produced from its assets , and LNG shippers are paid a transportation fee for transporting it . Ownership and title to the gas therefore remains with the government entity up to the point where it is regasified at the export market regasification terminal and sold to shippers . 2 . Improve LNG Marketing As Nigerian government entities become more experienced in gas marketing , it is expected that the government entity will be able to retain ownership further downstream , gaining access to transport networks and selling directly to large consumers . As an example of the concept , Russian Gazprom has an equity shareholding in the UK-Belgium Gas Interconnector . Gazprom subsequently applied for a UK shipper ’ s licence and now operates a gas marketing operation in the UK , selling Russian gas directly to consumers in the UK . Regional and International Pipeline Projects West African Gas Pipeline ( WAGP ) The WAGP is the gas export pipeline originating at Lagos as an extension from the ELPS and delivering to consumers in Benin , Togo and Ghana . There have been numerous problems with this export pipeline project , including : • Vastly over-costed infrastructure ; • Shortage of supplies from the Nigerian side ; • Payment defaults by some WAGP customers ; • Pipeline vandalism in Nigeria . The government is aware of the problems with the WAGP project and shall take appropriate corrective steps to ensure sustained gas supply into the West African region . For the Country to maintain its position as a leader in the transportation of Gas in the West African sub region , government shall facilitate the business and regulatory environment for the development of the backbone gas infrastructure and extensions for the Trans-Saharan Gas Pipeline . Trans-Saharan Gas Pipeline Initial feasibility studies have been carried out and MOUs have been signed amongst the governments of Nigeria , Niger and Algeria . As a first step towards implementation of the project , the backbone infrastructure of a gas corridor from the south east to the northern most parts of Nigeria will be built , which will allow for subsequent extensions to major population load centres throughout Nigeria . 8.3 . Growing Domestic Gas Markets Encouraging Gas Projects – Project Based Approach Supply to the domestic gas market has not grown as expected or forecast . New measures are therefore required to support the growth of domestic gas markets . Gas development was previously based around export gas projects