and for market growth : o Clear , consistent and investor friendly legal and regulatory framework ; o Investment promotion ; o Support for the development of supporting infrastructure ; o Fiscal environment that supports investment and domestic growth ; o Willing investors provided with accelerated access to gas resources ; 6 . Discourage wasteful projects whilst encouraging optimisation amongst resource owners ; for example , through joint development of gas discoveries and infrastructure among several licensees if such developments would yield an economic project ; 7 . Seek value addition through : o Linkages to the power , industrial , agriculture , transportation and other strategic sectors ; o Gas based industrialisation ; o Downstream high value export markets ; 8 . Develop Nigerian human resources in the petroleum sector : o International training ; o Improved national petroleum education ; o Development of competency through education and practical experience , such as apprenticeship schemes ; o Graduate training ; o Technical , Vocational , Educational Training ( TVET ) ; 9 . Implement international best practice in operations , particularly in maintenance , health and safety ; 10.Implement good governance throughout the industry : 11.Cluster development of gas infrastructure . # 3.4 . Strategic Elements of the Gas Policy These objectives as described above are now described in detail through the rest of this gas policy document . The objectives are addressed under each of several policy areas or themes : 1 . Governance ; 2 . Industry Structure ; 3 . Developing Gas Resources ; 4 . Infrastructure ; 5 . Building Gas Markets ; 6 . Developing National Human Resources ; 7 . Communications ; 8 . Roadmap and Action Plan . In order to achieve the successful achievement of the strategic objectives and the elements , the Ministry of Petroleum Resources will work with the National Assembly , States , other Federal MDAs such as the Ministries of Power , Environment , Finance , Budget & National planning , Agriculture , Industry , Trade & Investment , Transportation , and Justice and the CBN . # 4 . GOVERNANCE 4.1 . Strategic Objectives of the Legal and Regulatory Framework The main Petroleum Industry legislation in Nigeria , the Petroleum Act , Cap P.10 LFN 2004 , did not legislate for gas as a hydrocarbon and industry in its own right , nor for a midstream and downstream gas industry . This has posed a challenge to the development of the gas sector and the attainment of national aspirations for gasbased industrialisation . The government will pass new legislation to address gas issues , remove the anomalies and distinguish the up , mid and downstream . The main aspects to be addressed under a new legislation on gas shall reflect : • Emphasis on gas as a fuel in its own right , rather than a by-product of oil production ; • Separation of upstream from the midstream ; • Greater focus on the development of