be identified under these categories : 1 . Existing gas infrastructure : Review of the existing gas transmission infrastructure in place . 2 . Gas Master Plan Infrastructure Blueprint : o What was planned in the Gas Master Plan ? o What has been achieved ? o What parts are still valid now ? 3 . New gas transportation links . 4 . Upgrading NGPTC network : Upgrades needed to the existing NGPTC network . 5 . Alternative gas transportation options : o CNG by road , rail or barge ; o LNG by road , rail or barge ; o other virtual pipeline options that may be identified . 6 . Key anchor customer infrastructure : The investments required at key anchor customer sites , for example at Ajaokuta Steel . 7 . Distribution infrastructure : Local distribution companies licensed by the petroleum regulatory authority . 8 . Security of gas supply investment : The additional infrastructure needed to improve the robustness of the Gas Infrastructure Blueprint and ensure gas supply security . 9 . Resource clusters : Identification of gas resources and clusters . 10.Identification of critical gas infrastructure : Critical gas infrastructure includes the following : • Aba-Owerri-Nnewi-Onitsha Pipeline Project ; • Calabar-Ajaokuta Pipeline ( CAP ) Project ; • Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano ( AKK ) Pipeline Project ; • ELP-Ibadan-Jebba Pipeline Project ; • Obiafu-Obrikom-Oben ( OB3 ) Pipeline Project ; • Expansion of ELP Phase 2 Project ; • Oso Platform to QIT Pipeline Project ; • Erha / Bosi Pipeline Project ; • TransSahara Gas Pipeline Project . Entry into the midstream will be liberalised and incentivised to allow private sector investors to develop infrastructure to process , transport and store natural gas . The Infrastructure Blueprint of the Gas Master will be upgraded and amended within the context of the Gas Resource Management Plan . The amended and updated Infrastructure Blueprint will identify resources and resource clusters , identify critical infrastructure and prioritise developments . Working in collaboration with the industry and NGPTC , the MPR will take the lead in ensuring the Infrastructure Blueprint is updated . The final version of the Infrastructure Blueprint will be made public as an aid to development . This means that if a developer wishes to pursue a project which is not in the blueprint , they will be permitted to do so , provided that they obtain the relevant licence which will be granted based upon an evaluation of the economic benefits of the project . 7.2 . Need to Improve the Whole Supply Chain The Nigerian government is aware that there are currently challenges across the whole supply chain but the government is determined to improve the following : • Physical infrastructure , including gas infrastructure , roads , telecommunications and others ; • Business environment ; • Cost optimisation in gas projects ; • Increasing transparency and minimising inefficiencies . # 8 . BUILDING GAS MARKETS 8.1 . Introduction A key aspect of the vision