on respective comparative advantages . 9 . Inclusive economic growth . To contribute to UNDSCF Priority Area 1 on sustainable and inclusive growth , UNDP will support development planning ; SDG mainstreaming and implementation in strategic plans and policies at federal and state levels ; policy reforms guided by international best practices , economic analyses , and forecasting ; data generation ; inclusive finance and impact investments ; leveraging the African Continental Free Trade Area ( AfCFTA ) agreement , entrepreneurship development and employment creation through the SDG innovation Hub , Office of the Senior Special Assistant to the President on SDGs ( OSSAP-SDGs ) , Innovate United Kingdom Knowledge Transfer Network ( KTN ) , the United Nations Children ’ s Fund ( UNICEF ) , United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women ( UN Women ) and the private sector , and the Accelerator Lab on agriculture and value chain development ( especially involving women and youth ) . Aims are to achieve inclusive economic growth by strengthening capacities for generating and analyzing disaggregated data , especially at the National Bureau of Statistics ( NBS ) and state statistical offices , supporting resilience-building to minimize risk , improving livelihood and employment creation by leveraging the Nigeria Jubilee Fellows Programme , and scaling up social protection measures such as cash transfers in targeted communities in partnership with the World Food Programme ( WFP ) and UNICEF . 10 . Development financing challenges faced by Nigeria have driven UNDP to partner with the government , European Union , International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , World Bank , and other primary stakeholders in supporting the development of a healthy financial ecosystem through an Integrated National Financial Framework ( INFF ) and related economic policy reforms and institutional changes . The launch of the INFF , partly through South-South cooperation , will see Nigeria exchange lessons learned with other African countries on its successful INFF process . In addition , UNDP will prioritize SDG impact investments in partnership with the national advisory board , Impact Investment Foundation ( IIF ) , German Development Agency ( GIZ ) , United Nations Industrial Development Organization ( UNIDO ) and global investors , as well as insurance risk financers in collaboration with the Financial Sector Deepening Africa ( FSD Africa ) and Insurance Development Forum ( IDF ) . It will engage in high-level policy advocacy through the United Nations Nigeria Policy Advisors group , economic analysis and forecasting to inform effective policy choices by all stakeholders . 11 . Environmental sustainability , climate change , and resilient development . UNDP , as the lead agency on clean energy and climate action under Priority Area 2 of the UNSDCF , will look to mitigate climate change and empower communities by focusing on strengthening the nexus between economic growth , environmental protection , and security , relying on strategic partnerships with the Office of the Vice President , National Climate Change