gas industry to maturityThe government will review the licence of GACN and will determine what role it can usefully play in the new industry structure as laid out in this gas policy . 5.3 . Gas Market Structure Philosophy of the Regulatory Structure There will be a strong independent regulator that will be responsible for the technical and economic regulation of the gas sector . The role includes minimising and , where possible , eliminating market distortions , and implementing licensing , monitoring , investigations , and dispute mediation powers . The licensing regime will cover every activity including , but not limited to , licences for exploration , production , constructing and operating gas processing plants , liquefaction plants , constructing and operating gas storage facilities , transportation pipelines , distribution networks , undertaking the supply of natural gas including gas trading , and acting as a “ supplier of last resort ” . All regulatory and pseudo-regulatory activities will be removed from corporate entities and taken over by the regulator . This includes , for example , distribution licensing and franchising arrangements by any party . In addition , a network code will be introduced to provide conditions for non-discriminatory access for third parties to all infrastructure along the supply chain . Supply segment : The wholesale gas supply segment will be open under a Supply Licence to any gas producer or gas merchant who meets the regulator ’ s qualifying criteria as an Eligible Supplier . An Eligible Supplier shall be entitled to purchase gas from a producer or any other Eligible Supplier for on-sale to any off-taker . The policy seeks to promote more efficient utilisation of capital by encouraging producers to focus their investments and activities more on exploration , development and production of gas , whilst specialised midstream investors can process and transport gas . The regulator ’ s role is to calibrate the supply segment such that it becomes open to as many players as possible in order to foster competition for the market amongst licensed entities . This competitive pressure ultimately compels innovation and efficiency in gas development because the profit motive provides an incentive to control costs . Gas prices should come down as a long-run effect of increased supply and competition . Midstream segment : The policy objective for the midstream is to attract as much investment as possible into gas processing , transportation and storage in order to bridge Nigeria ’ s gas abundance with growing demand . The gas policy envisages a cost of service tolling structure in the midstream such that producers can focus on exploration and production activities while midstream investors specialise in processing , transportation and storage of gas , or in marketing of gas , for upstream producers . Given the network-bound and monopoly features of the midstream , the regulatory objective should be utility regulation . The relevant regulatory tools in this regard are : • Competition regulation ; • Open access rules