, malnutrition , and gender imbalances . To meet the ambitious national targets of generating 21 million full-time jobs and lifting 35 million people out of poverty by 2025 the United Nations Sustainable Development Cooperation Framework ( UNSDCF ) for Nigeria 2023–2027 places people at the centre of development through an inclusive , rights-based , gender-sensitive approach to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ) . The UNSDCF features four strategic priorities , ( i ) inclusive economic growth and development , ( ii ) improved environmental conditions and increased resilience , ( iii ) increased access and use of quality basic social services , and ( iv ) promote a peaceful , inclusive , and cohesive society . 4 . Anchored in the 2030 Agenda and African Union Agenda 2063 , and drawing lessons from the mid-term review of the 2018-2022 Country Programme Document ( CPD ) , the new CPD for 2023– 2027 represents UNDP contributions to Government of Nigeria development efforts and UNDSCF . The CPD is aligned to the National Development Plan 2021–2025 , which aims to foster socioeconomic recovery , and restore macroeconomic stability , good governance , and growth through socio-economic transformation for sustainable development . The CPD was informed by the analysis and recommendations from the Independent Country Programme Evaluation ( ICPE ) . These include adopting a balanced mix of upstream and downstream interventions where gender considerations are adequately mainstreamed ; enhancing peace building and stabilization programmes ; enabling public‑private partnerships and climate change mitigation with wellarticulated strategies , and ensuring sustainability of results at the end of programme implementation . In achieving targets laid out in the UNDSCF and based on the UNDP mandate and comparative advantage , the CPD focuses on three pillars : ( i ) inclusive economic growth , ( ii ) climate change , and ( iii ) governance , peace , and security . These three pillars will collectively assist in addressing some of the multi-faceted and multidimensional challenges identified in the UNDSCF , including rising unemployment , low productivity , public financial resource constraints , food insecurity , violence and conflict , displacement of people , limited social protection mechanisms , low public accountability and transparency , and environmental degradation by promoting inclusive and rights-based development processes that leave no one behind . # II . Programme priorities and partnerships 5 . The UNDP programmatic response in Nigeria has two objectives : socio-economic recovery in the medium term and structural transformation for inclusive and sustainable development to achieve the SDGs by 2030 . This is translated into the three linked priorities of inclusive growth , climate change , and governance , peace , and security . Adhering to the principle of “ Leaving No One Behind ” gender equality and empowerment will be prioritized along with vulnerable groups , poor , femaleheaded households , and people living with disabilities . UNDP will mainstream volunteerism into programme implementation strategies as a valuable way of achieving