held grievance for the Niger Delta region . History of Nigerian Gas Flaring Legislation Although Nigeria still flares a significant portion of its gross natural gas production ( 19 % of AG , 331sbcf in 2015 ) , the amount of gas flared has significantly reduced in recent years . Its ranking has dropped from the 2nd to the 5th largest natural gas flaring country in the world ( according to Cedigaz and OPEC ) or 7th ( according to GGFR 2016 ) . To ensure that flared gas is utilised in markets , the government will take measures to ensure that flare capture and utilisation projects are developed and will work collaboratively with industry , development partners , providers of flarecapture technologies and third-party investors to this end , without prejudice to the enforcement of applicable sanctions . Gas Re-Injection Nigeria is an example of an oil exporting country where the associated gas was mostly flared or re-injected in oil fields during the last decades , in the absence of commercial uses for gas . Historically , there have been no restrictions in Nigeria on any company to re-inject any extra gas . However , the new position is that the government prefers the utilisation of flared gas into markets , utilised by different downstream sectors , rather than flared or re-injected with no valid technical reason . It is the policy that gas utilisation will be a priority consideration over other considerations for handling of associated gas . In the absence of compelling technical reasons or a viable outlet for the gas , the Government intends to restrict undue re-injection of associated gas . Gas FlareOut through Gas Utilisation Projects Under the gas policy , the government intends to maximise utilisation of associated gas to be treated for supply to power generation or industry . Routine gas flaring reduction projects are not to be seen as isolated elements of oil and gas sector operations . Flared gas utilisation is part of the wider gas policy to develop Nigeria ’ s gas resources and release much more of the value from national gas resources . The best prospects for reducing remaining gas flare sites are through projects developed by investors and companies with experience in innovation in modest size projects in challenging environments and with strong local engagements plans . Some examples could be : • Plans for metered electricity to host communities immediately adjacent to flare sites ; • Projects which could be of significance to local regional electricity distribution companies as embedded power projects ; Critical levers for rural economic development in the Niger Delta , which can provide islands of stable metered electricity or gas products , such as LPG . These can give the cluster area around a site a significant economic advantage for hosting businesses . New Flare Capture Technologies Gas flaring reduction technology has the potential to be one of the great energy and environmental success stories . Unlike long-term greenhouse gas solutions