and mutual accountability for development results will be strengthened through joint annual work plans and reviews aligned with national priorities . 21 . Risks associated with the management of political leadership transitions , including elections , could derail smooth implementation of the programme . Unrest or tensions related to elections could further polarize the operating environment , while protracted election processes could lead to the unavailability of senior government officials with implications for the pace of realizing programme priorities in various locations . To mitigate risks , UNDP will adopt an electoral-cycle approach providing support to key stakeholders before , during and after the elections . In addition , UNDP will deploy a robust risk management system to ensure adaptive programming strategies , direct implementation and working with strategic partners including civil society and volunteers so they have timely information that will lead to quick and meaningful programmatic decisions prior to , during , and after the elections . 22 . Economic and social challenges may affect the successful implementation of the programme . Risks include , ( i ) prolonged economic slowdown if proposed strategies for economic stabilization are not implemented ; ( ii ) limited capacity of government and national stakeholders to implement programmes ; ( iii ) protracted crises in the north , south-east , Niger Delta , and the middle belt ; ( iv ) difficulties in mobilizing adequate resources ; ( v ) protracted COVID-19 related disruptions , and ( vi ) potential delivery challenges prior to and during the 2023 general elections . Moreover , lack of political will , inadequate allocation of resources , and adverse societal perceptions on gender equality , especially leadership and decision-making related interventions , could lead to risks relating to gender inequality and the situation of women and girls . 23 . The mitigation of programme risks has been built into priorities and interventions . To ensure sustainability and effectiveness in the delivery of development and humanitarian assistance , UNDP will focus on strengthening the capacities of government and implementing partners through a HACT modality . This approach includes a macro-assessment of the public financial management system , and micro-assessments of implementing partners . Fast-track procedures will meet government demands and ensure timely responses to crisis and emergency situations . Surge capacity and high-level advocacy , among other contingency measures , will be considered to mitigate contextual and operational risks by drawing on UNDP regional and global service hubs . 24 . The UNDP partnership and resource mobilization strategy will emphasize strengthening government capacities for domestic resource mobilization and cost sharing at the state level . UNDP will rely on its newly approved status as a ‘ cluster for asset ’ management in the region . Extensive collaboration with the Regional Service Centre will be used to collect and disseminate global best practices for South–South cooperation , innovation , knowledge management and thought leadership . # IV . Monitoring and evaluation 25 . CPD monitoring and evaluation will