the SDGs by 2030 . The programme is flexible and responsive to addressing emerging issues and reflect extensive collaborations with multiple stakeholders . 6 . The UNDP CPD for 2023 to 2027 contributes to the United Nations development system ( UNDS ) overall objective in the UNDSCF that promotes inclusive human-rights based and gendersensitive development in Nigeria for the acceleration and achievement of the 2030 Agenda and African Union Agenda 2063 . As such , UNDP will contribute to UNDS outcomes in the UNDSCF , by focusing on ( i ) establishing a strong foundation for a diversified and inclusive economy , ( ii ) building a solid framework and enhancing capacities to consolidate peace , strengthen security and social cohesion and ensure good governance , and ( iii ) enhancing capacities for climate resilience and sustainable access to energy . 7 . The theory of change for the CPD is based on assumptions that these objectives can be achieved . IF Nigeria has sustained inclusive economic growth and development that provides equitable opportunities for decent employment and livelihoods , and IF people living in Nigeria , particularly the most vulnerable , enjoy improved environmental conditions and increased resilience to extreme weather conditions and disasters , and IF more inclusive , participatory , transparent and gender sensitive governance , justice and human rights systems are in place at all levels to promote peaceful , inclusive and cohesive society , and ASSUMING policy reforms , including strategies and plans are developed and implemented effectively , upcoming elections do not disrupt programme implementation , rising insecurity within Nigeria and the Sahel region is under control , THEN all people living in Nigeria especially the most vulnerable , will contribute to and benefit from inclusive rights-based and gender sensitive development that leads to the acceleration and achievement of the 2030 Agenda and SDGs . 8 . The programme will focus on each of these directions to achieve greater development outcomes by integrating gender equality and strengthening partnerships with international financial institutions ( IFIs ) , donors , and the private sector to generate meaningful and impactful programmatic interventions . Efforts will be facilitated by a greater focus on three enablers : Strategic innovation , digitization , and development financing . These chosen pathways are considered the best solutions for addressing development challenges in Nigeria , in part , considering the comparative advantage of UNDP in terms of convening power , strategic position , integrator role and its expertise in thematic areas such as human development , development financing , inclusive growth , environment , governance and peace building as evidenced by continuous engagement with key stakeholders including the government and donors . UNDP will work closely with United Nations agencies drawing lessons learned during the COVID-19 pandemic . Taking note of CPD evaluation findings , UNDP will make greater efforts in transparent engagement and programme implementation , fostering improved understanding amongst UNDS partners , and collaborating in thematic areas where possible , based