File Name : NGA-NGP-2017-EN Year : 2017 Country Name : Nigeria Country Code : NGA Category : NGP Document Title : Nigeria National Gas Policy Exists ? : Y Publication Date : 2017 Start Year : 2020 End Year : 2030 Language : EN -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- # 1 . EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Statement of Gas Policy This policy document builds on the policy goals of the Federal Government for the gas sector as presented in the 7 Big Wins initiative ( www.7Bigwins.com ) developed by the Ministry of Petroleum Resources and the National Economic Recovery & Growth Plan ( ERGP 2017 – 2020 ) . The Policy articulates the vision of the Federal Government of Nigeria , sets goals , strategies and an implementation plan for the introduction of an appropriate institutional , legal , regulatory and commercial framework for the gas sector . It is intended to remove the barriers affecting investment and development of the sector . The policy will be reviewed and updated periodically to ensure consistency in Government policy objectives at all times . Government shall abide by the provisions of this policy unless and until reviewed or replaced by a formal restatement of policy duly gazetted by the Government . Background – A Much More Constrained International Business Environment For approximately ten years until around 2014 , Nigeria was exposed to a very benign international environment , with high gas prices , strong global demand for gas and LNG , and large flows of investment looking for opportunities in emerging markets for gas based industrialisation ( such as petrochemicals , methanol , fertilisers ) . Those benign times have now passed and the international business environment is now much tougher . International gas prices have fallen , huge new volumes of gas and LNG supplies are coming on stream globally , against reduced forecasts of market demand growth . Meanwhile , global investment flows are leaving emerging markets . Even within Africa , Nigeria is competing for investment with Southern and Eastern Africa . Background – Gas Master Plan This gas policy is based on a fundamental review of the policy positions of the Government over the last ten years in respect of Nigeria ’ s gas resources . The previous policy positions emanated from the Gas Master Plan ( GMP ) , which was designed to ensure the development of a full blown domestic market by 2015 . However , the Plan has not delivered on all its set targets . For example , Nigeria still lacks critical gas infrastructure and continues to fall short of Domestic Gas Supply Obligations . Nigeria is experiencing a full-blown energy crisis in spite of its abundant gas resources . A new gas policy that is more effective and adjusted for the much harsher international business environment for gas is required to drive the reforms necessary to