circumstances whilst assuring a rate of return on actual costs . Price Publication and Monitoring While prices are intended to be unregulated following the transitional period , there will nevertheless be a policy of rigorous price monitoring . End user prices will be required to be published and prices will be monitored to ensure there is no pricing abuse , particularly during the transitional period before the wholesale market is fully established . Triggers for Wholesale Market Regime The Minister of Petroleum Resources will declare that a wholesale gas market is in operation when he determines that one or more of the triggers as defined below have been met . Regulated pricing will then end ( except for monopoly infrastructure facilities ) and wholesale gas contracts will apply based on a willing-seller , willingbuyer basis . A wholesale market exists where there are 1 ) pricing reference point ( s ) ; 2 ) large volumes ; 3 ) many buyers ; and 4 ) many sellers . Trigger points indicating a wholesale gas market in operation in Nigeria include : 1 . When sufficient parts of the planned national infrastructure are completed , in particular the OB3 pipeline which will act as a connection system between the eastern and western parts of the nation ; 2 . Sufficient gas volumes passing through the completed OB3 , which is a potential physical point gas hub ( where gas from the East can be wheeled to the Western or Northern parts of Nigeria ) . Sufficient volumes are considered to be 2 bcf/d ( which is the capacity of the OB3 pipeline ) ; 3 . When Oben develops as a physical point gas hub with sufficient volumes and hub pricing can replace regulated pricing ; 4 . When domestic gas volumes exceed export gas volumes ( export volumes are currently approximately 3.6 bcfd ) ; 5 . When there are sufficient numbers of wholesale traders ( sellers ) and consumers ( buyers ) . Infrastructure Tariffs Regulated tariffs will be introduced for those monopoly infrastructure within the gas industry , including LNG liquefaction , gas processing , gas storage , transportation and distribution , in a manner that will provide investors the opportunity to recover all the eligible costs plus an adequate and reasonable return on investment . A tariff methodology and model will be developed by the petroleum regulatory authority with input from industry . Power Sector The policy drive for gas is to ensure gas supply to the power sector as the country ’ s number one priority . Significant incremental demand for gas will derive from the power sector , which has been used to low and cross-subsidised gas prices for a long time . The intention is to move to a wholesale market where power generators will take the market negotiated wholesale price . As the power sector is the main demand sector for natural gas in Nigeria , there will be a strong and a