a result of attempts to meet domestic energy demand . SKK Migas , the country ’ s upstream oil and gas regulator , has said that domestic commitments and consumption will continue to grow , which means an increasing gas allocation for domestic use and reducing volumes of gas available for export . Malaysia : While Indonesia is cutting down on LNG exports , Malaysia is still aggressively committed to increasing its LNG supplies for domestic markets ( coastal regions and islands ) and exports . Malaysia is the fourth largest natural gas reserves holder in the Asia-Pacific region , and accounts for 10 % of total world LNG exports . Japan Methane Hydrates : The Japanese government has succeeded in extracting samples of a next-generation resource , methane hydrate , from the bottom of the Sea of Japan . It is estimated that there is enough methane hydrate beneath coastal waters to meet the nation ’ s natural gas needs for 100 years . This is a long-term prospect , however , as the technology to extract methane hydrate is far from commercialisation . There are also concerns about environmental damage linked to extraction , partially because methane is a powerful greenhouse gas . With such huge streams of LNG and pipeline gas coming into the market over the next few years to the Asian region , the oversupply will continue to bring pressures on LNG and gas prices , and suppliers will have to settle for buyers conditions in changing contract agreements ( with probably a continuing move towards ever shorter contract terms ) . In addition , a buyers ’ cartel may build up among Asian LNG buyers , further complicated by the emergence of Singapore as an LNG hub . Because of its distance from the market , Nigerian LNG will struggle to be competitive in Asian LNG markets in the future . Atlantic Basin Nigerian LNG markets realistically lie in the Atlantic basin , to North America , South America and Europe . All of these however present challenges to Nigeria . North America : Since the shale gas revolution , North America is no longer a market for LNG , as it has become self-sufficient in gas , and has become an LNG exporter . South America : South America has growing gas markets and can be a market for Nigerian LNG , particularly to Brazil and Argentina . Supplies from Nigeria are at a similar distance from Atlantic Coast and South American markets as are supplies from Trinidad & Tobago which currently provides most of the LNG supply to South America . Nigeria would have to play catch-up to be able to access those markets . While South American LNG markets are growing , they are still probably not large enough to be able to accommodate significant LNG supplies from both Nigeria and Trinidad & Tobago . Trinidad & Tobago has a declining resource base however and is finding it harder to fulfil