the implementation of the GMP . The GMP acknowledged that there was a strategic window of opportunity for Nigeria to establish itself as a major LNG exporting nation and for gas-based industrialisation . The GMP emphasised the following : I . The Infrastructure Blueprint The Infrastructure Blueprint was the heart of the GMP . It mapped out the planned infrastructure needed , including connecting the gas networks in the western and eastern parts of the country , building new transport pipelines from the south to Ajaokuta Steel , on to Abuja and then to the northernmost reaches of the country . The first part of the infrastructure required the construction of Central Processing Facilities ( CPFs ) in the Niger Delta region to process wet gas for supply to onshore gas transportation networks and industrial plants . Almost 590km of pipelines have been completed and commissioned further to the GMP . These pipelines include : • Oben-Geregu ( 196km ) • Expansion of Escravos-Warri-Oben ( 110km ) • Emuren-Itoki ( 50km ) • Itoki-Olorunshogo ( 31km ) • Imo River-Alaoji ( 24km ) • Ukanafun-Calabar ( 128km ) • NOPL ( 50km ) With these projects now in place , all available power plants in the country today are connected to permanent gas supply pipelines . In addition , there is ongoing construction of the strategic East-West OB3 pipeline ( 127km ) scheduled for completion by the end of 2017 and the expansion of the Escravos-Lagos Gas Pipeline System scheduled for completion by Q1 2017 . The technical evaluation for the Trans Nigeria Gas Pipeline ( 1400km ) has also been completed . II . Domestic Gas Supply Obligation ( DSO ) A Domestic Gas Supply Obligation ( DSO ) was introduced to address challenges in gas supply into the domestic market and provide a pricing path for wholesale gas supply to downstream offtakers . The DSO was to be broken down to an annual delivery obligation ( i.e. , delivery to the nearest gas transmission infrastructure ) on all gas producers , with the sum of all obligations equalling the planned domestic requirement for gas . III . Commercial Framework ( Pricing Policy ) The National Domestic Gas Supply & Pricing Regulations was issued in 2008 , proposing different prices for different consumer groups . All suppliers were to be paid an Aggregate Domestic Gas Price . A Strategic Aggregator ( Gas Aggregation Company of Nigeria , GACN ) was then established to manage the implementation of the DSO and the aggregate price . Results from the Previous Policy While the gas market has grown over the last ten years , it has been very slow , at 3.1 % a year , only just keeping up with national population growth ( 2.8 % according to the World Bank ) . In other words , gas supply per head has barely changed over the last ten years and has not met economic growth needs . Nigeria is now experiencing