industry in Nigeria , operated nationally and in collaboration with international or national bodies who are experts in competency frameworks and their accreditation for the gas industry . The traditional way of developing competency is through apprenticeships . Skills Development There are four main areas for skills development : 1 . Leadership : this covers the strategic management and leadership skills required for senior management and executive positions ; 2 . Management : this is general management training for middle and senior management and covers the whole range of skills needed to be an effective manager ; 3 . Engineering : this is graduate level engineering , for university graduates , whether from Nigerian or international universities ; 4 . Technical : this is technician level competency , suitable for those with practical skills , for school leavers or those with some college education . Technical skills include , for example , wiring or installations , pipe fitting or welding ; International Education Obtaining good quality qualifications are the first part of the competency framework . The PTDF funds several schemes to provide Nigerians with good quality qualifications , including sending Nigerian graduates for university graduate and postgraduate training abroad . Under the gas policy this will continue . National Education Nigerian universities and colleges need to be encouraged to develop their abilities to produce good quality graduates . No matter how good a Nigerian University may become , employers are likely to prefer qualifications from good quality international universities ( especially universities in the UK or USA and other parts of Western Europe , Australia or New Zealand ) . Nevertheless , Nigerian universities need to improve such that they can be competitive with the best international universities for producing Nigerian graduates . One way this could be done ( for example ) is for a Nigerian university to run programmes in collaboration with an international university , or even for the international university to award their own degrees with the education delivered through a partner university in Nigeria . This is a model which is being increasingly used in other parts of the world , and will be considered by the GovernmentThere should also be collaboration among Nigerian universities and other educational institutions , government and the industry to develop skills which are relevant and necessary for the industry . Technical & Vocational and Educational & Training TVET Technical & Vocational and Educational & Training ( TVET ) is training and education for post - 16 school leavers . This includes apprenticeships . Nigeria has had a good record for TVET historically , with technical skills accredited by the City & Guilds of the UK . Since approximately the 1980s though , technical training has lapsed significantly . There is now a large gap in the level of technical skills provision in the country , such that IOCs complain that they can not even find petroleum welders ( for example ) and have to bring them in on