subjected to import taxes even though domestic production capacity is presently limited . This has contributed to the shortage of LPG cylinders with the estimated number of cylinders in circulation within the country today at approximately 1.5 million units as compared to a minimum a requirement of 100 million LPG cylinders in relation to the population . This is a barrier to the growth of the LPG market . Due to a shortage of local cylinder manufacturing capacity , the policy will promote the phased injection of 20 million cylinders over a period of 5 years ( for comparison the Indonesian Programme comprised the injection of 60 million units ) 2 . LPG Regulation There are two main regulatory bodies responsible for the LPG sector , the Standards Organisation of Nigeria ( SON ) and the Department of Petroleum Resources ( DPR ) . SON sets product standards while the DPR is the inspections and compliance regulatory authority . Lack of compliance with the existing regulations which already exist is the major problem . The government will ensure that the single petroleum regulatory authority will be strengthened so that LPG regulations and other regulations are enforced and complied with . Governance Structure There is a need for strong institutional roles to address the challenge of growing the LPG market in order to create an enabling environment that would attract investment . National LPG Council Whilst ultimate responsibility for the implementation of policy for the LPG sector rests with the Ministry of Petroleum Resources , it is recognised that other agencies of Government have a critical role to play in this regard . As such an LPG Council , which is a multi–stakeholder group led by the Vice-President will be established to serve as an interface body between all the agencies of government and other stakeholders in respect of policy issues relating to the LPG sector . Task Forces In order for the LPG Council to execute its role within the context of the four thematic topics above , the LPG Council will be constituted into four specific task forces : 1 . Availability Task Force : to focus on improving LPG supply and delivery . The key challenges in this area are finance and infrastructure related ; 2 This will cost a minimum of Three Hundred and Fifty Billion Naira ( N350,000,000,000 ) over the duration of 5 years ( cf . several billion dollars for Indonesia ) .2 . Accessibility Task Force : to focus on improved distribution and development of channels to access consumers ; 3 . Acceptability Task Force : 4 . Affordability Task Force : tasked with driving the effort of reducing the cost of LPG equipment and accessories where the NLPGA has already identified a number of regulatory and infrastructure related costs . Role of the Ministry of Petroleum Resources The Ministry of Petroleum Resources shall have the responsibility to monitor and ensure the execution of this policy . The responsibility shall include but not