will be communicated as a process to arrive at a long-term vision for the nation . • Internal communications – audiences within government ; • External communications – other stakeholders involved with the gas industry . 10.2 . Internal Communications Ministry Policies succeed or fail through the efforts of the civil servants and it is important that they are keen and active participants in the policy . The first task therefore is to explain the policy and its implications to stakeholders within the Ministry of Petroleum Resources . As the government body directly responsible for implementing the gas policy , staff within the Ministry need to be : • aware of the direction of the policy and the key parts of the contents ; • aware of what is required of them individually ; • persuaded of the benefits for the nation so that they can be motivated to work on its implementation.Other Government Entities The same applies to other parts of government , including parastatal organisations such as : • NNPC ; • NGC ; • Existing regulatory bodies such as PPPRA , DPR etc . 10.3 . External Communications Communication to Stakeholders External communications will be needed to the other stakeholders in the Nigerian gas industry , covering : • The general public ; • International investors ; • Domestic investors ; • Civil society ; • Donor community ; • Other stakeholders . External communications to the general public and other stakeholders will largely take the form of media presentations and interviews , seminars , workshops , newsfeeds , websites , mass media and the like . Gas Industry Involvement and Consultations The gas industry in Nigeria has been involved in the development of the gas policy , through their participation of industry fora , such as the Nigerian Gas Association , the National Gas Flaring Committee , the National Gas Requirement Working Committee , the OPTS and the Petroleum Club . This gas policy therefore , while driven by and led by the government , is a joint production from the government and the gas industry community in Nigeria , with domestic and international industry involvement . # 11 . ROADMAP AND ACTION PLAN 11.1 . Summary of Philosophy and Key Actions The philosophy of the action plan for the gas policy is for the government to put the legislative and commercial framework in place and then let the market develop by itself . The government will set targets for market development , monitor progress and take appropriate actions to ensure market development takes place . However , gas utilisation in Nigeria is ultimately up to the private sector to deliver . A roadmap and action plan for delivering the gas policy is set out with different scales for the types of activity : • Short term : Months , up to one year ; • Medium term : One to two years ; • Long term : Longer than two years . The roadmap presented