, LNG is now rapidly becoming a commodity which can be sold all year round into European markets ( provided the price is low enough ) but it may be losing its winter pricing premium . Another important trend is that the long term contract of twenty , thirty or even forty years is giving way to shorter contract periods of five years or less . The commodity nature of LNG will be plain to see if LNG spot trades become common . Potential African Gas Markets Perhaps Nigeria could help develop and then supply African gas markets with LNG and pipeline gas . The West African Gas Pipeline ( WAGP ) could be extended further west to neighbouring countries ; gas pipeline connections could perhaps be made to Cameroon ( although Cameroon has its own domestic gas reserves which are right next to the main industrial markets ) ; or Nigerian LNG could be taken to other markets along the west African coast . While these developments are all possible , the window of opportunity is limited because : 1 . Gas export projects take considerable time to develop ; 2 . Countries with potential markets such as Cote d ’ Iviore are beginning to contract LNG form other supply sources ; 3 . Africa may decide to skip the fossil fuel stage as Africa develops , and go straight to mass renewable power generation along the lines of Europe . Investment Flows Global Investment Flows From 2008 , the developed economies suffered and investments into western markets fell dramatically . After a small initial fall , from 2009 , investment flows to emerging markets increased strongly , until around 2013 . As developed economies recover , investment flows to emerging markets are now flat or slightly declining , while the major investment flows are returning to developed western economies . The growth period for investments into emerging markets has now ended . Of emerging markets , most of the investment flows went to Asia and only a small proportion to Africa . Within Africa , investment is now moving away from Nigeria to more attractive opportunities in East Africa ( Mozambique , Tanzania and Kenya ) and South Africa . Investment Flows to Nigeria Investment flows into Nigeria are declining and some existing investments are leaving the country for more favourable investment destinations , such as Mozambique , Tanzania , Kenya , and South Africa . Nigeria 's appeal has faded as the price of oil , the source of up to 80 % of export earnings , has declined . Growth fell to 2.8 % last year , the slowest since 1999 , and is forecast to slow again , to 2 % , in 2016 ( source : Morgan Stanley ) . In US Dollar terms , the economy in 2019 will still be 17 % smaller than its 2014 peak of $ 542 bn . In Conclusion : Nigeria has a Challenging Future In conclusion