in gas-for-development ( for example , to promote increased E & P activity in the onshore frontier areas by providing globally competitive incentives ) can include the introduction of more favourable upstream terms for gas activities : a . Reduced royalty rates for gas ; b . Under production sharing contracts ( PSCs ) , introduction of more favourable production allowances and hydrocarbon tax in the event of gas production ; 6 . Fiscal policy incentives to attract investment into the midstream . # 5 . INDUSTRY STRUCTURE 5.1 . Background Solutions to the development of the petroleum sector in Nigeria ( as in any market around the world ) are in three areas : • Areas where Government can have a direct effect : Government sets the policy , law and the regulatory framework , which directly sets the tone for the whole market . • Areas where Government sets the environment : Government can support the development of the market , such as pushing the implementation of the Gas policy , and by attracting investors to the country . Government implements policy frameworks and regulations effectively and provides market support ( such as financial incentives or tax support ) . • Areas where the market acts directly and there is no role for Government : Government can set the scene but ultimately the private sector builds the gas market . 5.2 . Strategic Objectives The gas policy envisions an industry founded on partnership between the public and private sectors , albeit with a clear separation of roles between the government and the private sector . The respective roles of the parties envisaged by the Gas Policy are : • Government : o Policy setting ; o Legislation ; o Regulation ; o Putting in place mechanisms to encourage the development of markets ; o Encouraging payment discipline ; o Encouraging the development of fair and competitive gas markets . • Corporate sector : o Creating markets ; o Conducting safe , healthy and environmentally friendly operations ; o Serving their shareholders , as well as consumers , government and other stakeholders . This policy recognises that state-owned corporations and private sector companies will have the same responsibilities and opportunities in accordance with extant laws . It is the policy , for example , that nobody will be forced to sell gas to a party only because that party is Government – owned.Roles of GovernmentOwned Corporations They are a number of government-owned corporations operating in the Nigerian gas sector . These include : i. Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation ( NNPC ) Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation ( NNPC ) is the agency of the government responsible for representing the commercial interests of the government in petroleum exploitation and distribution . It is involved in natural gas production on a joint-venture ( JV ) basis with international oil companies ( IOCs ) and with international and national independent operators , which act either as the operator of joint venture concessions held