be aligned with the UNSDCF . Following independent country programme evaluation , the focus will be on defining results and baseline data and identifying reliable data sources for collection and use . In line with UNDP monitoring and evaluation guidelines , UNDP will also engage third-party monitoring mechanisms for inaccessible areas . Field visits and verifications will increase in frequency to ensure targeted vulnerable groups benefit from interventions . 26 . UNDP will rely on nationally owned country-level data sources such as the National Bureau of Statistics , Human Development Reports , and credible global reports . Data will be disaggregated by relevant groups where possible . UNDP—working with the United Nations Monitoring and Evaluation Reference Group , third party monitors , joint field visits and partners—will support the national statistical system and research institutions to enhance national data generation capacities , and improve data quality and evaluation functions , and provide evidence-based , gender-sensitive data that informs decision-making and fosters transformational development approaches . The focus will be on improving coverage of SDG targets and strengthening the quality , reliability , and timeliness of disaggregated data . Performance indicators for projects and programmes will be articulated to reflect changes on the ground and observable and measurable in ways that are relevant to project beneficiaries . Two per cent of the country programme budget will be allocated to evaluation . Project Quality Assessments , including the gender marker , will continue to be used to achieve corporate programming quality standards . 27 . UNDP will participate in UNSDCF Results Area Groups to track outcome indicators , including using the United Nations INFO online tool for planning , monitoring , and reporting on national United Nations development action . The gender marker will be used to monitor expenditure and improve gender-based planning and decision-making . HACT , spot checks , and financial audits will complement regular programme monitoring for stakeholders . The approved evaluation plan will be the basis for decentralized evaluations , the next independent country programme evaluation , and the Cooperation Framework evaluation .