companies operating in the upstream , midstream and downstream.Distribution exclusivity : Where a project developer has developed or wishes to develop a distribution area , they may be granted a period of exclusivity for a limited period of time for sales to customers within the distribution area through an affiliate gas trading company . This will be such that the project developer can recover their costs of building up the market in the distribution area plus a reasonable rate of return . Avoidance of duplication : As well as encouraging new entrants into the Nigerian gas industry , the intention of the policy is to avoid duplication of and unnecessary costs , and to avoid redundant and underutilised assets . The petroleum regulator in implementing the intention of the policy will approve a duplication of infrastructure assets only if an economic case can be put forward . Network Code Access to all midstream facilities will be on an open access basis and a network code to manage access will be developed by the industry with oversight by the petroleum regulatory authority . There will be open access to all pipelines and other essential midstream infrastructure , whether located offshore or onshore and the petroleum industry and government will consider the type of network code that is required . The intention is for the Network Code to be simple , easily implementable and designed in a modular fashion so that additional elements can be added as the market develops . Gas pipeline pressures , gas specifications , metering and other technical and commercial details relating to infrastructure access will be dealt with in the Network Code . Pending the completion of the Network Code , effective point-topoint gas transportation agreements , with flexibility for third-party access , shall be the thrust of the policy . Government and the gas industry will continue to update and implement the network code through constant stakeholder engagement to enhance market development . Gas Swaps There are various commercial arrangements which market players may use to develop their market position , as they see fit commercially . Swaps is one example of these commercial arrangements . They can be useful in their place and the gas policy does not have a position for or against swap arrangements . Market players will be permitted to engage in gas swaps if they wish to do so . The only caveat is that they will only be allowed after the parties have met their DSO obligations . The gas policy does not intend to enable parties to use measures in an attempt to avoid their DSO obligations , Gas Pricing The existing gas pricing framework assumes that Nigerian gas compositions are typically rich in natural gas liquids , and that many producers can produce low-cost gas at a gas transfer price of less than $ 1/MMbtu when adjusted for the natural gas liquids . Thus , the benefits of the natural gas liquids can be used to reduce the