institutions and funding of government participation in commercial operations ; 3 . Fiscal incentives for investments – the balance of risk and reward in a fiscal designed framework ; 4 . Enabling gas exploitation in Nigeria through policy regulatory and fiscal interventions ; 5 . The role of the regulator the principles , powers and economics of regulation ; 6 . The role of the state in natural resource management – the shareholder responsibilities versus the requirement to meet social needs ; 7 . Mitigating social consequences of natural resource exploitation – best practice community participation . An optimum fiscal regime is often a composite of trade-offs across different objectives : • Early revenues vs investment efficiency ; • Progressivity • Competitiveness ; • Early fiscal revenues vs tax incentives that drive a critical mass of investments . Progressive and transparent fiscal regimes are generally considered to be more stable and credible and , depending on the fiscal design , they do not compromise on efficiency . FRGA are based on clarity and transparency which require that : • Rules are established by law and contracts are published ; • Laws are consistent with the nation ’ s jurisprudence ; • Laws and contracts minimise discretion ; • Government revenue streams should occur during all production periods but also should increase with a larger share of revenues as profitability increases ; • Progressive fiscal systems that arise from FRGAs should be based on : o Royalty ( Early Revenues ) ; o Regular Corporate Income Tax ( CITA ) ; o Tax on Rent ( Hydrocarbon Tax ) . Stable and credible fiscal terms must also demonstrate robustness in the face of volatilities of cost and price . Robustness means that the fiscal system for gas is not subsidised by oil and vice-versa . This can best be achieved through the right pricing of gas and lower royalties and resource tax . Additionally , FRGAs must deter transfer pricing ( cost benchmarking ) and review international treaties . Principles of the Fiscal Framework 1 . Pricing should not be fixed by the state – market based pricing will prevail ; 2 . Fiscal policies must enhance investment , be cost efficient and sustainable in the long run ; 3 . Non-consolidation / non-recovery of gas costs from oil income . The fiscal framework intends to remove the distortions in AGFA from the effective crosssubsidy of oil to the gas sector . The gas policy will therefore ensure that gas project costs are attributed to gas projects , and gas projects are standalone ; 4 . At the same time , the government intends to have separate fiscal treatment for exploration , production and midstream gas activities , to relax royalty and tax rates for gas , and incentivise entry into the midstream . These are all designed to stimulate investment and ensure that gas projects can be economically viable from a fiscal viewpoint ; 5 . Upstream incentives to invest