making role , will be established within the MPR along with the following specialist centres : 1 . Oil Policy Division with departments for the Upstream , Midstream and Downstream ; 2 . Gas Policy Division with departments for the Upstream , Midstream and Downstream ; 3 . Strategic Planning and Policy Research Centre ; 4 . The Investment Promotion Office . Strategic Planning and Policy Research Centre The Strategic Planning and Policy Research Centre shall keep regular track of local and international developments and keep Ministry , Regulator and other government institutions updated as necessary . The Strategic Planning and Policy Research Centre will be a small research centre responsible for tracking developments such as : • Strategic planning and natural resource management issues ; • Petroleum industry market developments ; • Oil and gas price movements and forecasts ; • Policy initiatives ; • Regulatory initiatives ; • Developments in international energy organisations ; • Key international contacts with whom leaders within the MPR need to keep in contact . Investment Promotion Office It will be useful and helpful to investors to have a single point of first contact where they can find out about Nigeria and about the investment opportunities in the petroleum sector . Any potential investor should be given as much information as possible , in as investor friendly a manner as possible , about all the opportunities . While it is not possible to give confidential information about competitors or other companies , the Ministry should be able to produce authoritative estimates of reserves , of markets , of opportunities for investment , of legal and fiscal conditions , and any other information that can be provided.The Investment Promotion Office will provide : • Technical support in promoting a project ; • A centre of expertise on upstream and downstream petroleum opportunities within Nigeria that will work with the Nigeria Investment Promotion Council ( NIPC ) ; • A database of projects and investment opportunities ; • An informative website ; • Support with promotions and roadshows ; • Dedicated personnel to help potential investors , so that investors have a single point of contact who will remain with them and guide them through the government process . The Investment Promotion Office should have a website with as much information as possible on it . In addition , rather than just waiting for potential investors to approach it , the Investment Promotion Office could also actively promote the opportunities in Nigeria and prospective projects to potential developers through promotions , presentations and road shows . National Gas Focal Point The National Gas Focal Point shall be a Senior person in the Ministry charged with oversight on the practical implementation of the gas policy , overcoming any obstacles and ensuring consensus and a coordinated development among all the participants . Dedicated Project Desks To facilitate institutionalised implementation of the programmes and projects emanating from the policy , the dedicated “ Project Desks ” within the