, EI , API , IGEM . The new petroleum regulatory authority will be responsible for technical standards in Nigeria . The Standards Division of the Petroleum Regulatory Authority will be responsible for developing and maintaining technical standards , working with industry . Metering and Measurement The state of metering and measurement of hydrocarbons is not satisfactory . As part of arrangements for a transparently run industry , the policy is that shortcomings in metering , measurement and fiscalisation of hydrocarbons throughout the value chain will be addressed . Cost Monitoring and Control The costs of running the overall petroleum industry in Nigeria have risen dramatically to an unacceptable level . Nigeria has become one of the highest cost provinces in the world . The intention of the policy is to avoid duplication of and unnecessary costs , and to avoid redundant and underutilised assets . It is the policy of the Government that robust cost estimation and cost control must be adopted as a standard operating practice in the sector . The petroleum regulator in implementing the intention of the policy will approve a duplication of infrastructure assets only if an economic case can be put forward . Measures to reduce costs in the Nigerian gas industry should include ( among other measures ) : • Cost estimates prepared for any project must be benchmarked across the industry and with peer projects globally . • An evaluation of the technical and economic feasibility of any engineering project must be undertaken before proceeding with such project • Approved cost data for all projects should be recorded in the National Cost Database developed under the leadership of the Commission . • Cost optimisation and efficiency of operations through joint developments , consolidation of contracts where necessary and better asset management ; • Performance-based incentives that reward lower cost producers and penalise higher cost producers ; • A general move away from higher cost gas ; • Sharing of services and facilities ; • Contract thresholds for projects . The government is also very aware of the measures it needs to take to help to produce a lower cost environment , including among others : • Resolving the Niger Delta militancy issues ; • Reducing the general costs of doing business in Nigeria ; • Introducing efficiencies into local content contractor procurement ; • Optimising contracting cycles . Consumer Protection A consumer representation and protection body will be established , with the mandate of representing mainly residential and small business consumers against more powerful corporate or government interests . The regulator shall prescribe and communicate a consumer protection standard for the gas sector . National Petroleum Policy Directorate For sustainability and effective monitoring and implementation of policy , specialist centres shall be established within the MPR , in addition to the existing technical departments . To ensure a more effective role , a National Petroleum Policy Directorate , which will act as a technical back office of the Minister in his policy