the 3rd to 4th year of the policy while a target of 100 % manufacturing of local cylinders is expected to be achieved within 5 years . To support the goal of improving the development of LPG infrastructure such as cylinder manufacturing plants , mini - gas plants/skid plants , gas plants and trucks , an LPG Availability Gas Intervention Fund of Sixty Billion Naira ( N60,000,000,000 ) will be established by the Government . With respect to autogas penetration : The government intends to support LPG penetration , to set the environment , help to develop fleet markets in some large cities and to ensure adequate gas supply but the government does not intend to directly invest or become operationally involved . In order to improve availability , the Government will stimulate the demand side to make LPG accessible . This will require fiscal incentives such as reduction in tariffs and duties on LPG equipment . Accessibility The accessibility of LPG will require leveraging on existing distribution chains of other industries ( such as bottling and beverage industry ) . It will also involve ensuring adequate permitting from town planners and the regulator to certify ( without undue delay ) identified retail sites . Acceptability The key target group for the acceptability of LPG as a fuel of choice are low income and medium income earners . The penetration strategy for this group requires identifying and engaging with key influencers amongst communities . Examples of key influencers are : • Traditional Rulers / Community Leaders ; • Religious Leaders ; • Women and Market Associations ; • Labour Union Leaders . The government intends to kick-start the market for LPG among the poorest who are currently using kerosene and firewood , which are dangerous to health and destructive on the environment , contributing to desertification . Affordability The major reason for the low consumption of LPG in Nigeria is affordability . Firstly , there are a number of financial disincentives in the current LPG system . For example , VAT is levied on domestic production of LPG and LPG cylinders but not on imported cylinders ( there were once two domestic cylinder manufacturers but these have both since folded up due to the financial challenges ) . No other petroleum product in Nigeria is subject to VAT . In addition , LPG is the only fuel that is not only fully deregulated but is also taxed ( VAT is applied to domestic LPG but not to imported LPG , putting domestic gas at a disadvantage to LPG imports ) . The government intends to ensure that all petroleum products are treated in a fiscally equivalent manner , such that one product is not financially disincentivised compared with another . Secondly , the initial cost of acquiring an LPG cooking pack ( cylinders , stoves , regulators etc . ) as compared to other fuels is higher . Not only are the LPG cylinders specialised , but they are also