final consumer in international markets . The gas policy envisages a cost of service tolling structure for future participation of the national oil company in new LNG projects . Wholesale Domestic Market The gas policy intends a change in market structure conduct and performance with a move towards wholesale markets . Producers , their gas marketing affiliates , or independent wholesale traders will be licensed as gas suppliers to make gas available for wholesale delivery within Nigeria . Wholesale consumers ( industries and power plants ) will buy from suppliers . Separation of Transport and Trading For wholesale markets to work , the common practice now across most of the world is for a clear separation of the activities of gas transportation and gas trading . Transporters will not be allowed to trade and traders will not be allowed to transport gas except through separately incorporated and managed entities . This is why NGC or any other entity will be separated into legally separate transport and trading companies . Domestic Gas Supply Obligations The Government understands why operators would rather deliver gas to international markets than to the domestic gas market : • Higher prices can be commanded in export markets ; • Payment discipline is virtually guaranteed in export markets ; • The infrastructure exists so it is much easier to put gas into market . Nevertheless , it is the desire of the Nigerian government and people to build a domestic gas market in order to ensure national economic development . The policy imperative is for gas development for priority supply to power generation . The thrust of the gas policy is also that gas will be supplied to enable gas based industrialisation . Domestic gas supply obligations have become a standard regulatory tool amongst producer nations around the world to ensure gas is available for domestic markets . The government considers it reasonable for there to be a domestic gas supply obligation imposed on producers which is sufficient to kick-start domestic market development but not so high that producers see it as onerous . The government expects that producers will see the obligations as part of their contributions to national development and doing business in Nigeria . All producers must make gas available for the domestic market up to the limit of the obligation . As a matter of policy , the issuance and renewal of upstream licences will be subject to strict compliance by the applicant with its domestic gas supply obligation . Review the Gas Aggregation Policy The development of a competitive market for gas supply inevitably means that Nigeria will ultimately move away from the concept of gas aggregation . The Gas Aggregation Company of Nigeria ( GACN ) was initially licenced as a vehicle for the industry to operate the aggregation process for a transitional period of five years only . In the years since this model was established , GACN has been largely unsuccessful in meeting its objective of growing the domestic