under Oil Mining Leases or as contractors under Production Sharing Contracts ( PSCs ) . NNPC subsidiaries relevant to the gas sector are : ii . Nigerian Petroleum Development Company Limited ( NPDC ) NPDC is a fully-owned subsidiary of NNPC . NPDC is engaged in oil and gas exploration and production activities in the hydrocarbon-rich regions of coastal Nigeria ( the Niger Delta ) , both onshore and offshore , and more recently around Equatorial Guinea . NPDC operates JVs with international and national operators . iii . Nigerian Petroleum Investment Management Services Limited ( NAPIMS ) NNPC ’ s representatives in the Operating Committees of the various joint ventures are seconded from Nigerian Petroleum Investment Management Services Limited ( NAPIMS ) which is a subsidiary company of NNPC , established to manage NNPC ’ s interests in the various oil concessions . In addition , all project proposals , joint venture budgets and key operating decisions in gas projects are subject to NAPIMS approval . iv . Nigerian Gas Processing & Transportation Company ( NGPTC ) Will own and operate the government - owned gas transmission network a d process plants . v. Nigerian Gas Marketing Company ( NGMC ) Will own all the supply contracts and will operate NNPC ’ s gas supply business . The NGPTC and NGMC were created after the unbundling of the Nigerian Gas Company ( NGC ) , the former NNPC gas transportation and marketing subsidiary which had operated both as a transporter , wholesale supplier of gas and franchisor of gas distribution franchises . That previous role restricted the development of a competitive and growing gas market ; hence unbundling is a structural solution that should allow the national oil company to operate more efficiently in the gas business whilst allowing for a more efficient development of the market.The policy is that every entity in the gas industry will be required to unbundle various activities in the gas sector , in particular gas transportation will be separated from wholesale gas supply . Strategic Partnerships The government intends to seek strategic partnerships to support operations in parts of the Nigerian gas industry , in particular for NGPTC . Strategic partners with demonstrable ability to support NGPTC with modern management and technology , and so increase the effectiveness and value of the company , may be offered a sizeable shareholding in the company . Export Gas Ownership and Tolling It is the intention of the gas policy for Nigeria to become more involved in marketing gas in international markets . This will initially be through sales to wholesalers at the regasification terminal but over time , Nigeria will become involved in sales to downstream customers within international countries . This will apply particularly in Europe where there is more downstream gas market liberalisation . This envisages that the national oil and gas company will retain ownership of its equity gas which is destined for export markets , until sale to suppliers or the