a full-blown energy crisis in spite of its abundant gas resources . A new gas policy that is more effective and adjusted for the much harsher international business environment for gas is now required to drive the institutional reforms and regulatory changes necessary to attract investment into the sector . International Perspectives Oil and Gas Price Movements There are two key messages : i . The Period of High Prices Now Over Global Oil and Gas prices for the ten years preceding 2016 have been the highest they have ever been since the 1860s when the modern petroleum industry first started . Price levels have now fallen substantially from those levels and there is a possibility that they may not reach those levels again . As oil supply reduces , there may be a window of oil prices of around $ 85/bbl in the period 2020-2030 . Prices are forecast to fall again after that window and then stay low . At the same time , while oil supply increases dramatically as US shale oil comes back onstream , demand growth will markedly soften , except for the petrochemicals sector which is likely to be the main market for oil . These oil price movements will affect gas prices as well . The clear message for Nigeria is that it must broaden the economy beyond oil . ii . Recent Extreme Price Volatility There has also been extreme volatility of oil and gas prices since around 2005 , at levels not seen since the 1860s . Meanwhile , Japanese prices were affected by two factors : 1 ) the linkage to oil prices led gas prices to rise as oil prices rose ; and 2 ) the closure of Japanese nuclear plants following Fukushima led to increased Japanese demand for gas . But as oil prices fell , the opposite effect happened . Japanese gas prices came close to parity with European gas prices ( UK National Balancing Point , NBP and German import prices ) in May 2015 , and on a couple of occasions , actually fell below the European levels . Price differentials between Japanese and European gas prices have now reverted to their traditional approximately one third premium . Price Risk of China Shale Gas A major threat and perhaps the biggest price risk to LNG and international gas prices over the long run could be if shale gas is developed in China . Beyond the potential for shale gas production from China ’ s Tarim basin , the possibility of China ceasing to become a gas importer at the same time as massive new supplies of LNG in the Pacific basin come on line ( within the next five to ten years ) would probably lead to dramatic falls in LNG prices across the world , with prices staying low for a very long time . Atlantic and Pacific Basins In LNG terms , the world is basically in two basins , Atlantic and Pacific