the midstream and downstream segments ; • Separation of gas infrastructure ownership and operations from gas trading ; • Pricing ; • Competition regulation ; • Fiscal regime ; • Licensing of different activities in the gas chain : o Exploration ; o Production ; o Wholesale gas supply ; o Gas processing ; o Gas Storage o Gas transportation ; o Gas network operation ; o Gas distribution ; o Retail trading of gas . 4.2 . Institutional Framework Background The thrust of the policy is to introduce institutional reforms capable of translating aspirations into results . Currently , the existing policy and regulatory institutions overseeing the oil and gas industry in Nigeria are : • Ministry of Petroleum Resources ; • Department of Petroleum Resources ; • Nigeria Content Development and Monitoring Board • Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency ; • Petroleum Equalisation Fund.Institutional Capacity Strengthening The Federal Government is determined to strengthen the capacity of the Ministry of Petroleum Resources as a policy making institution . Towards these objectives , the policy making and surveillance capability of the Ministry of Petroleum Resources will be strengthened , new technical resources will be introduced , existing departments will be restructured , and additional mandates would be assigned . Scope of Regulation A simplified licensing regime will be introduced for every activity , including but not limited to constructing and operating gas processing plants , liquefaction plants , gas storage facilities , transportation pipelines , transportation network operation , distribution networks ; wholesale gas supply ; and retail trading of gas . Single Independent Petroleum Regulatory Authority The government is desirous of reducing the current regulatory overlaps and consolidating the existing regulatory authorities into a single petroleum regulatory authority . The Federal Government is determined that there should be a new single independent regulatory authority for the petroleum sector in Nigeria , which will replace the existing regulatory agencies . The new regulatory authority will cover the whole petroleum sector , incorporate the activities of the existing petroleum regulatory authorities and also cover some new regulatory activities not currently covered . It will essentially be responsible for the economic and technical regulation of the gas sector and shall have licensing , investigative , monitoring and dispute mediation powers . The following Divisions , Departments or functions are envisaged to form parts of the new petroleum regulatory authority , among others : 1 . Upstream oil and gas regulation ; 2 . Midstream and downstream gas regulation ; 3 . Midstream and downstream oil regulation ; 4 . Health , safety and environment compliance ; 5 . Consumer protection ; 6 . Compliance monitoring . The government is aware that while there are many benefits in consolidating into a single petroleum regulatory authority ( and reducing the current number of disparate and sometime overlapping regulatory agencies ) , there are also some challenges . The main challenge is likely to be in transitioning the current agencies into a cohesive new regulatory