competent worker schemes will be voluntary and not mandated by government . If however , insufficient progress is being seen to be achieved , the government will introduce mandatory measures to ensure the gas industry installs competency or apprenticeship schemes . 9.5 . Institutional Capacity Building Whilst clear legislation is required to move the industry forward , it is recognised that legislation alone will not work . A competent policy and regulatory team , knowledgeable across engineering , finance , law , and related disciplines etc . is also essential for the implementation of the policy and the law . As well as building expertise in the national gas industry , gas expertise also needs to be built in the public sector , in the regulatory agencies and in the Ministry of Petroleum Resources . The government is aware of the need to build institutional and human capacity and intends to work with industry , educational partners and international development partners to achieve this objective . 9.6 . Introducing a Maintenance and a Safety Culture Among the most important milestones for the sustainable development of the gas sector is to install the highest international best practice standards of maintenancehealth and safety . Recent progress in the privatised power industry show the improvements that can be made in a short time when new management techniques are introduced . The gas policy will insist on the best international maintenance and safety practices being introduced and applied throughout the gas industry . The gas policy intends to bring about legislation that will make Directors liable to criminal prosecution if they or their company employees knowingly allowed severe safety lapses that lead to serious damage , injury or death to premises , people or the environment . # 10 . COMMUNICATIONS 10.1 . Introduction Communications are important parts of any gas policy . There are two fundamental purposes for communication of the gas policy to all stakeholders in Nigeria and abroad : 1 . Explaining the policy ; 2 . Changing attitudes . The Nigerian people , industry , international investors , even members of the government itself , have to a certain extent , become sceptical or cynical about reforms in the energy sector . On numerous occasions there have been pronouncements from various parts of government announcing an end to power shortages or fuel crises , but with no apparent change . There also exists a gulf and lack of understanding between investors and government of their respective expectations and obligations . Government will develop an appropriate communications strategy , which will explain to all stakeholders the purpose , intent , thinking and analysis behind the gas policy . Audiences need to understand that the gas policy is not a promise of when the lights will stay on . Instead it is to show that the Nigerian government is clear on what it wants to achieve , the reasons why and the steps to achieve the policy objectives . The gas policy