spend on unsubsidized LPG . Furthermore , with increased demand will come greater economies of scale , which will further reduce the price of LPG . This has been one of the main reasons the market has attracted hundreds of millions of dollars of private funding and has grown by over 400 % since 2007 . It is expected that the current price of LPG will further reduce by the time LPG is accepted as the predominant domestic fuel across the breadth and length of the country . Despite the huge reserves of natural gas in the country and all the interventions by the FGN , the transformation towards making LPG the primary cooking fuel for Nigerians has not been very successful . Many Nigerians do not have access to cooking gas ( LPG ) while for those that already use LPG suffer periodic scarcities of LPG . Domestic LPG production accounts for approximately 5 % of household energy mix in Nigeria . Industrial Applications Industrial applications of LPG are extremely susceptible to the cost of switching for the industrial consumer . for example , many industries e.g . textile industries in the north , which currently run on LPFO/diesel are presently dis-incentivized from switching to LPG due to high tariffs and duties on new LPG equipment required for the conversion , as well as VAT on LPG as a fuel . yet , once the switch is achieved , LPG is actually a cheaper and cleaner fuel for those industries . This highlights just one of the issues facing industrial applications of LPG . In agriculture , several uses of LPG that would stimulate this sector include : pasteurization of dairy products ; drying of grain and crop ; meat , poultry and fish product sanitization ; chick hatching etc . Electric Power Applications The NLPGA estimates that between 1.5 and 2 million tonnes per annum of LPG is currently not recovered from flared gas , which is equivalent to over 1,000 MW of power generation , or a similar amount of imported liquid fuels ( petrol , diesel and/or kerosene ) displaced if utilized in autogas . Nigeria flares annually 1.5 and 2 million tonnes of LPG in its flared gas volumes . This is more than enough to : • Generate about 1,000 MW daily of electricity ; • Displace 5.5 to 7.5 million litres of diesel daily ; • Substitute 200-250 MMscfd of natural gas equivalent in industries such as those in Kaduna , Kano etc . ; or • Preserve upwards of 6 – 8 million tonnes of wood annually in our forests . Despite the potential of LPG as a fuel source , there a few applications of LPG-toPower in Nigeria . In order to drive this sector , the present dearth of equipment such as LPG generators , bulk storage tanks , vaporisers etc . will need to be addressed , requiring a review of the electric power tariff order to include LPG