, Nigeria faces some significant market challenges in the future for its LNG exports . It is likely that Nigerian LNG supplies will be able to find markets , but price discounting will likely become the norm . Nigeria will also have to work much harder in the future to market its LNG . # 2.4 . Challenges Facing Nigeria Presently Nigeria is currently facing significant challenges . The easy days of past years , when the country enjoyed a very benign international environment with high prices and growing markets , have passed . These challenges include : • International Environment : o Low and volatile gas price ; o Low demand for LNG ; o Increasing competition of supplies into the global market ; o Commoditisation of LNG ; o Power shifting from producer to buyer ; o Tipping point reached for renewable energy . • Domestic Environment : ; Security of supply risks : ; Gas supply restrictions for domestic gas projects ; ; Challenges in funding of NNPC ’ s cash call obligations in upstream projects ; ; Growing gas payment arrears in the power sector ; ; Militancy and insurgency . o Absence of enabling environment to attract foreign direct investment ( FDI ) : Slow progress with Nigerian gas export projects ; Slow pace of domestic gas projects ; Inadequate gas supply for the domestic market ; Financing challenges from local financial institutions ; Re-direction of FDI focus from Nigeria to other regions ; Slow implementation of key infrastructure projects envisaged in the GMP . o Governance : There is a vast gulf of understanding between the private and public sectors ( especially between government and the IOCs ) ; Need for increased transparency and adherence to due process in business transactions ; Conflicts of interest in Government as policy maker , legislator , regulator and commercial participant ; NNPC in transmission and wholesale gas transactions . o Legislation : Petroleum law designed for crude oil not for gas ; Gas not recognised as a commodity in its own right ; Lack of coverage of downstream gas in legislation ; Laws scattered , sometimes overlapping and opaque . o Regulation : Several regulatory agencies with overlapping roles , while other roles are unregulated ; Functionally weak agencies ; Long and tortuous regulatory processes ; High transaction costs for investors . o Sector structure : Natural monopoly elements combined with potentially competitive elements ; Potential for competition constrained by existing sector structure ; Conflicts of interest at various points . o Weaknesses in the wider supply chain and with skills development : Too few people who are sufficiently qualified and skilled ; An inefficient supply value chain driving up costs and inhibiting investment projects . # 2.5 . The Need for a New Gas Policy Nigeria needs a new gas policy that fits the severely constrained circumstances in which the nation now finds itself . The gas policy must work for Nigerians and must be faithfully