plants ; • Embedded power plants ; • CNG plants ; • LPG plants ; • CNG : o Natural Gas Vehicles ( NGV ) ; o CNG transport by barge , rail and/or road ; • LNG for domestic downstream applications , such as : o LNG vehicles ; o LNG to power ; o LNG to industry ; o LNG to Agriculture • GTL projects . Alternative Markets / Uses for Gas Other markets for and uses of gas are also possible and the intention of the gas policy is to support project developers and investors seeking to develop alternative gas markets in realising their projects . Natural Gas Vehicles ( NGV ) Vehicles using CNG may be appropriate for some large Nigerian cities under a single regulatory authority , such as Lagos , Port Harcourt , Abuja , Kano and Kaduna for example or where there are large vehicle fleets such as large corporate fleets or buses and/or taxis in large urban areas . NGVs really take off when there is a determined government push behind the initiative . When there is a push which generates a demand , then the markets starts to provide NGV filling stations . NGVs started to take off in London ( UK ) for example when the Mayor announced that taxis that were not converted to at least dual fuel would not have their licences renewed . NGVs also have a wide use in the West African region outside Nigeria , specifically in Ghana . The government intends to support CNG penetration , to set the environment , help to develop fleet markets in some large cities and to ensure adequate gas supply but the government does not intend to directly invest or become operationally involved . Having set the framework , the government wishes to encourage private sector investment and operations . Gas for Rail Electrification Another important gas market is the provision of gas to power for the provision of electricity for rail electrification across Nigeria . This can include electrification of some of the existing and proposed new railway lines . CNG Transportation This does not refer to using CNG as the vehicle fuel , instead it refers to the different ways in which compressed natural gas can be transported around the country . This can provide an alternative to pipeline gas transport for inland destinations . CNG by Road : As an alternative to building a gas pipeline , CNG can be transported to markets by truck on roads . The advantages are that gas markets can be reached that would otherwise be uneconomic to reach ( the average cost is lower ) , thus opening up new gas markets . The main disadvantage is that this puts further pressure on substandard Nigerian roads and on the limited number of and poor quality of trucks ( high marginal cost ) . The risk of accidents and explosions in populated areas is also higher using CNG by road