below sets out how the gas policy will be implemented , according to the timescales and considering the activities and the parties involved . 11.2 . Critical Policy Milestones There are critical milestones within the gas policy that must be achieved for the policy to be effective . These include : • Stakeholder consultations ; • Approval of the gas policy ; • Enactment of legislation ; • Establishment of the new single independent petroleum regulatory authority ; • Producing PSC gas terms ; • Completion of initial infrastructure , namely the ELPS 2 loop and OB3 EastWest link ; • Achieving the wholesale market / Willing Buyer – Willing Seller market status as rapidly as possible ; • Substantial progress towards industry wide restructuring.11.3 . Short-Term Activities ( Months ) Institutional Level Timescale : Months ( up to one year ) Scope : Institutional The short-term activities are those that can commence very soon and can reasonably be expected to be completed within a matter of months and within a year . Those short-term activities which the Ministry of Petroleum Resources can start immediately are those within its direct control , namely institutional activities within the Ministry of Petroleum Resources and NNPC . 11.4 . Medium-Term Activities ( One to Two Years ) Regulatory Timescale : One to two years Scope : Regulatory and Institutional Medium-term activities are those which are largely ( but not completely ) within the control of the Ministry but which will take a little longer to complete . These are mainly those activities in the legislative and regulatory areas , which set the framework for the gas industry and market to grow . 11.5 . Long-Term Activities ( Over Two Years ) Industry Timescale : Over two years Scope : Industry After two years , the legislative , regulatory , institutional and commercial framework will be in place . The gas industry will then need to step up and implement the policy in terms of infrastructure projects and growing the Nigerian domestic and export gas market .