build competencies and capabilities to enable Nigerians take full responsibility in managing Nigeria ’ s gas resources . Strategic Objectives 1 . Enhancing the Implementation of the Nigerian Content Act ; 2 . Building competence across the gas industry ; 3 . Institutional human capacity building for the public sector and industry ; 4 . Instilling international oil and gas industry best practice in maintenance and safety ; 9.3 . Implementing Nigerian Content Policy Summary of Provisions of the Nigerian Content ActThe Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry Content Development ( NOGICD ) Act , 2010 was enacted to ensure better development of Nigerian skills and content . The main concern was how to increase the participation of Nigerians in the petroleum industry , which has been characterised by large numbers of expatriates brought in to the country , at executive and even technical levels . NOGICD Act is an important step forward in genuinely improving Nigerian content in the gas industry . NCDMB has been set up to manage this and can match its database of Nigerian content with operators ’ plans for skills needs and training . Route to Implementation Sometimes JV partners state that they can not comply with some provisions of the NOGICD Act because the skills they seek are simply not available within the country . The most effective way to deal with this and to ensure compliance with the Act is to take steps to make those skills indeed available within the country . The human resources part of the gas policy therefore revolves around developing local content in petroleum skills and making that available within Nigeria . The gas policy will focus on developing competent workers , possibly through apprenticeships . 9.4 . Building Industry Competency Competent Worker There are two main ways in which skills can be acquired : 1 . Formal training : whether long term or short term , normally classroom based teaching ; 2 . Supervised experience : this is practical experience in the workplace where training can be put into practice , and which is certified by a competent supervisor . A competent worker is one who is : 1 . Fully and formally trained ; and 2 . Qualified following examination with certification from a reputable accredited training institute ; and 3 . Experienced with certified numbers ( hours ) of supervised experience in each of the different areas of his trade or profession ; and 4 . Regularly updated with new developments and techniques in his trade or profession and where necessary with refresher courses ( this is Continuous Professional Development , CPD ) ; 5. Who is certified and registered as a competent worker.Competency training has become an important part of professional training in many countries , and is central to much of training thinking and provision . A competency framework is a system of supervised and monitored relevant practical on the job training and also mentoring . Nigeria needs a competency framework for the gas