; • A Gas Network Code ; • Tariff regulation on a cost of service rate of return basis.Downstream segment : The downstream segment will be open for wholesale gas supply by Eligible Suppliers to any Eligible Offtaker who may commercially bypass distribution licensees consistent with the open access rules . # 6 . DEVELOPING GAS RESOURCES 6.1 . Diversification of Supply Sources Nigeria needs to diversify its gas supply sources from a national and energy security perspective . In order to improve security of gas supply , the gas policy intends to encourage an environment that ensures deliberate gas exploration and production in other regions of Nigeria . The policy shall promote exploration activities for additional gas resources in other geologically prospective terrains , especially the offshore and inland basins , including the review of the commercial terms upon which titles in these basis are held . Significant gas reserves have been discovered in some of the inland basis . These reserves have a potential to contribute significantly to the development of distributed power generation assets in Nigeria , and thereby enhance the diversity of gas supply to the power and industrial sectors . Niger Delta Gas Resources Gas developments to date have been undertaken largely , almost exclusively , in the Niger Delta . Most of the gas discoveries were by accident , with a company typically exploring for oil and discovering gas . Most of the gas production in the Niger Delta is produced in association with oil production . There are also some dry gas fields , whose output is mostly dedicated to LNG exports . There are security of supply risks with the current situation , emanating from the Niger Delta militancy , and consequent disruptive effects on gas production , the environment and wider economy.The government realises that steps must be taken to reduce the disruptions to production from the Niger Delta insecurity and is taking measures to restore long term stability to the region . In the meantime , operators are expected to ensure that they take sufficient measures to protect their assets and make them secure . Ultimately , ensuring a reduction in militancy and ensuring the security of facilities will be a collaborative effort among government , industry and Niger Delta communities . Benue Trough and Sedimentary Basins of Nigeria As well as the offshore and Niger Delta , many other sedimentary basins have been identified ( but not yet developed ) in Nigeria , including the Benue Trough , the Anambra Basin , Kerri Basin , Yola Basin , Gongola Basin , Bida Basin , Lullemeden Basin ( with Niger ) and the Chad Basin ( with Chad ) . A key sedimentary basin is the Anambra Basin , which has been barely explored but is considered to be most likely extensive and rich in dry natural gas . 6.2 . Identifying Low Cost Gas Resources Except for gas which is held by Government through NNPC in joint venture with