public accountability and transparency , peacebuilding , elections , gender equality and social cohesion , and scaling up local governance systems . UNDP will enhance the capacities of the national assembly and primary public finance and anti-corruption agencies to enact public finance and anti-corruption legal frameworks , collaborate with and empower CSOs , women , and youth groups for constructive and effective engagement on anti-corruption . 14 . UNDP will support efforts aimed at promoting equitable and timely access to justice and strengthen human rights institutions by investing in integrated digital solutions ; encouraging the elimination of impunity regarding the violation of human rights and gender-based violence ; facilitating domestication of all international and regional human rights treaties ; promoting elimination of inconsistencies between customary practices and statutory laws , and supporting implementation of international and regional human rights recommendations and reporting obligations in partnership with the National Human Rights Commission , Ministry of Justice and relevant rule of law institutions . UNDP will prioritize electoral reforms and the implementation of the 2022 electoral law for improved election management and expanded democratic space . 15 . UNDP will promote integrated responses to insecurity , linking peacebuilding , climate action and livelihood recovery to conflict prevention and stabilization . Infrastructure for peace , equipped with functional capacities for the early detection of conflict risks , will be strengthened in collaboration with other UNDS partners , CSOs , traditional and religious leaders to promote inclusive dialogue , build consensus , and diffuse societal conflicts . UNDP will enhance the capacities of security and governance institutions , expanding options for safe return and reintegration while laying the foundation for sustainable peace and national security . 16 . To address cross border governance challenges , including the proliferation of small arms , violent extremism , organised crime , and illegal migration UNDP will collaborate on joint programming with neighbouring country offices , Economic Community of West African States ( ECOWAS ) , Lake Chad Basin Commission , UNDS stakeholders , development partners , and CSOs on area-based responses and cost sharing arrangements to maximize impact . UNDP , to ensure connections across security , economic , environment , and governance pillars will work with other United Nations partners on preventing and responding to GBV , promote women ’ s participation in peace processes and security efforts , and improve the integration of gender equality into natural resource management and disaster preparedness plans and processes . Furthermore , UNDP will promote South-South and triangular cooperation with stakeholders from Kenya , Germany , and China in governance thematic areas like police reform and elections to deepen best practices and exchange knowledge with ECOWAS . 17 . UNDP will work with national partners at federal and state levels , as well as UN Women , UNFPA , and UNICEF , in building national capacities to ensure gender equality is mainstreamed such that it contributesto policy reforms that address the barriers to women ’ s empowerment . UNDP