also increase to approximately 10 million tonnes a year . As well as consequences for the domestic natural gas market in Nigeria , there are also consequences and opportunities for domestic LPG markets in Nigeria and the region . LPG is therefore an important gas product in its own right and an important part of a gas policy for Nigeria given its potential to increase natural gas usage . However , as with natural gas , this resource is largely unused . Most of the production is exported and LPG consumption within Nigeria is recorded at a much lower figure , at around 400,000 tonnes a year as of 2015 . The potential demand is much higher , at probably 1-3 mpta . Nigerian LPG consumption per head is very low relative to other or neighbouring African countries . As with natural gas , insufficient LPG product is being made available for the domestic market . NLNG is offering 250,000 mtpa to the domestic market but it is not being taken up , largely because of infrastructure restrictions , namely in passing through the import jetties . In many emerging markets around the world , LPG has an unofficial , undeclared market that operates outside the official attention of the national regulatory authorities . It is suspected that Nigeria has a similar situation , with undeclared imports coming over the border from Niger or Benin , as well as some undeclared domestic production and diversion of supplies . Development of LPG market in Nigeria is urgently required in the areas of domestic , power generation , autogas and industrial purposes . LPG Infrastructure The domestic Nigerian LPG market suffers from an inefficient distribution chain and prices that are higher than they would be in an efficient functioning market . Jetties : The only functioning import jetties currently are at Apapa , Lagos . LPG supplies are restricted to the jetties at Apapa which are all operated by Hyson , a JV of NNPC and VITOL , which brings in VITOL LPG as well as third party LPG . Two new terminals are under construction at Calabar and Port Harcourt . Depot Storage : There is limited depot storage , 14,500 tonnes of private and 4,000 tonnes PPMC storage , at Apapa ( Lagos ) and Calabar . Some other limited depot storage facilities around the country owned by PPMC are non-functioning . Road Transport : There is limited road transport to take LPG from Apapa and Calabar to distribution terminals around the country . There are around 900 functioning ( although old ) trucks nationwide with a total transport capacity of around 2,000 tonnes . Distribution Terminals : There are 200 distribution terminals ( bottling plants ) around the country with around 13,000 tonnes capacity in total . Cylinders : The most critical infrastructure problem , alongside that of the import jetties , is the state of cylinders in the country . There are around 1.8m cylinders , of which