to a very benign international environment , with high gas prices , strong global demand for gas and LNG , and large flows of investment looking for opportunities in emerging markets for gas-based industrialisation ( such as petrochemicals , methanol , fertilisers ) . Those benign times have now passed and the international business environment is now much tougher . International gas prices have fallen , and huge new volumes of gas and LNG supplies are coming on-stream globally against reduced forecasts of market demand growth . Nigeria will struggle to compete with the large gas supply volumes about to enter the East Asian markets . North America is closed as a gas importer . European gas demand is depressed and may remain so in the future as the continent increasingly turns to renewable energy . South American gas markets are growing but are relatively small and LNG supplies are currently dominated by Trinidad & Tobago . Meanwhile , global investment flows have moved away from emerging markets and back to developed economies . Even within Africa , Nigeria is competing for investment with Southern and Eastern Africa . Nigeria now needs to work hard to survive in the constrained economic environment the country now finds itself in . From 2008 to 2015 the policy of the Government was to harness Nigeria ’ s vast gas resources based on the GMP , which outlined the objectives and aspirations of the Nation with respect to its gas resources . However , with minimal investments made in the gas sector over the period , the Plan has not delivered on all its set targets . For example , Nigeria still lacks critical gas infrastructure and continues to fall short of domestic gas supply obligations . Objectives of Government The Federal Government has historically invested more in and derived greater revenue from oil rather than gas . It is however recognised that the natural linkages of the gas sector to the electricity , industrial , agricultural and transportation sectors present the single most important opportunity for rapidly accelerating the nation ’ s industrial development and economic recovery . Government will leverage its large gas portfolio to ensure that gas development is undertaken in accordance with Nigeria ’ s national socio-economic development priorities . Gas Legislation The existing petroleum legislation ( Petroleum Act of 1969 , Cap P.10 LFN 2004 ) was enacted more for oil with inadequate provisions for gas as a hydrocarbon and an industry in its own right . It also did not provide for the development of a midstream and downstream gas industry . A Downstream Gas Bill was drafted in 2005 and was subsequently incorporated into the Petroleum Industry Bill ( PIB ) . The main thrust of the Downstream Gas Bill and the gas provisions of the PIB was to develop a regulatory and commercial framework to support the growth of a downstream domestic gas market . Gas Master Plan In 2008 the Federal Government of Nigeria approved