. This could be a viable option for some inland industrial centres , such as Nnewi ( Anambra ) for example . CNG by Rail : This option has the same benefits as CNG by road . The risks of accidents are less though , giving further advantages . As the rail network improves this could become a viable option . CNG by Barge : Another alternative to using pipelines could be the transportation of CNG by boat up the river Niger or along the coast . LNG Trucks Vehicles carrying liquefied gas are a new technology and may have advantages over CNG by road because substantially larger volumes of gas can be transported as LNG ( LNG carries 600 times the energy content of gaseous gas ) . Under the gas policy , the Nigerian government encourages the private sector to take forward proposals and invest in this alternative transportation method . 8.4 . Policy for Liquefied Petroleum Gas ( LPG ) LPG Production and Consumption Liquefied Petroleum Gas ( LPG ) is a mixture of propane and butane ( generally approximately 50 % each ) and is produced as a by-product from refining crude oil or processing natural gas . LPG presents a window of opportunity to bring about improved quality of life for the populace . A vibrant LPG market in Nigeria will no doubt induce a positive ripple effect that will translate into more jobs for the millions of unemployed Nigerians and business opportunities . For instance , local manufacturing of gas cylinders , autogas and power generation services would be encouraged as a result of increased demand . Fiscal and environmental benefits in the form of increased tax revenues and carbon credits for government are very crucial even as Nigeria joins the rest of the global community to benefit from the use of clean fuels like LPG . Production of LPG in Nigeria is currently approximately 4mt per annum of LPG , largely for exports . This is mostly produced from natural gas processing and some smaller production from the NNPC refineries at Warri and Port Harcourt and Kaduna . Presently , the major source of LPG in the country is from the gas processing facilities , especially the Nigerian LNG ( NLNG ) company . Nigeria Petroleum Marketing Company ( NPMC , formerly Petroleum Products Marketing Company or PPMC ) , the division of NNPC which acts as its marketing arm within Nigeria , is the main operator in the LPG market and is of a sufficient size and power to affect the performance of the whole LPG industry in Nigeria . It owns and operates nine LPG storage depots around the country . NPMC buys its LPG from the NNPC refineries and provides storage for importers . NPMC sells LPG to export markets , to marketers in bulk and is also allowed to retail directly to end users . If Nigerian gas production increases to 100 mtoe a year , LPG production could