Oil and Gas Policy Divisions will serve as Interface between project developers and Government Agencies . The Project desks will not duplicate the activities of other departments or agencies of the Government or the regulator . Instead , their role essentially will be to lobby and push projects or programmes provided for or relevant to the Gas Policy through Government . Their job will be to engage and fully involve other parts of Government and the private sector to ensure that projects or programmes are implemented . Joint Stakeholder Forum In addition to the specialist centres to be established within MPR for the monitoring and implementation of policy , a Joint Stakeholder Forum shall be established . The joint stakeholder forum shall consist of representatives of the main stakeholder groups meeting on a regular basis to address cross-cutting issues on the implementation of the gas policy and/or specific project ( s ) . a . The membership of the joint stakeholder forum shall be drawn from active stakeholder groups in the country.b . The forum will relate with the National Gas Focal Point on matters relating to the implementation of the gas policy . c. Health and safety will be a major component . Experience from other countries indicates that if consumers gain an impression that gas is dangerous , then market growth will be much slower . Ensuring a safe market development will be vital . Donor Agencies The government will work with the donor community to identify aspects of the policy where donor agency support can be secured . Civil Society , Consumer Groups and Associations The government will work with civil society groups , nongovernmental organisations , consumer and professional associations so as to ensure transparency , accountability and sustainability in developing the gas sector . # 4.3 . Commercial Framework Background The [ commercial framework ? ] gas market development will be policy driven and project led , with the objective of achieving an integrated national gas network . The commercial framework consists of two key aspects : • Rules for access to pipelines and gas networks ; • Pricing principles and regulations . Access to Gas Networks An important principle of the gas policy is that there will be a full legal separation of gas infrastructure ownership and operations , and trading , such that separate companies will carry out the different activities . These companies may be affiliated as long as they are operated under consistent FIRS rules for transfer pricing and are subject to regulatory supervision . Gas transportation companies will not be allowed to engage directly in the purchase and/or sale of gas , and vice versa for trading companies , except through separate corporate vehicles . For purposes of clarity , asset owners in one segment of the value chain may own and operate assets in different segments of the value chain if they wish , albeit under different legal entities . For example , a holding company may have different