third parties or on a sole risk basis by independents , the Nigerian government has ownership rights over virtually all the gas resources in the country . Within this overall portfolio are several low cost wet gas resources , where the inherent value of the natural gas liquids could be leveraged to yield an affordable gas price for the domestic market.To achieve gas based industrialisation low-cost gas resources will be identified and dedicated to the Nigerian domestic market . Portfolio management methodologies will be utilised to prioritise the development of low cost gas to be identified , with the subsequent intention to have a proportion of that dedicated to domestic markets . 6.3 . Clarifying Gas Terms for PSCs Nigerian PSCs are structured more for crude oil exploration and development . The PSCs have incorporated gas utilisation clauses but they do not contain commercial terms between NNPC and the contractor for development of gas discovered within the concession . The PSC merely provides that in the event of the discovery of a viable quantity of natural gas , the contractor shall investigate the discovery and submit proposals to NNPC for the development of the gas , and a separate agreement is then negotiated between NNPC and the contractor for a gas development . The absence of clarity regarding terms for gas commercialisation means that significant discovered gas resources remain undeveloped in Nigeria ’ s PSC blocks , especially in offshore basins . Urgent attention to this issue is now required . The government will develop a model Gas Development Agreement containing its terms for the development of gas resources in PSC concessions . The policy is that PSC terms will be defined to ensure development of gas resources , for the benefit of the nation . The government will present the industry with a model Gas Development Agreement containing its terms for the development of gas resources in PSC concessions.This agreement will address the contractual and fiscal issues relevant to upstream gas production in PSCs while providing some flexibility for adjustment as may be required . 6.4 . Gas Flaring Background Gas flaring has a direct ongoing environmental cost and addressing it is a COP22 commitment . In addressing this , the MPR will work in collaboration with the Federal Ministry of Environment . The flaring of natural gas that is produced in association with oil is one of the most egregious environmental and energy waste practices in the Nigerian petroleum industry . While gas flaring levels have declined in recent years , it is still a prevailing practice in the petroleum industry . Billions of cubic meters of natural gas are flared annually at oil production locations resulting in atmospheric pollution severely affecting host communities . Gas flaring affects the environment and human health , produces economic loss , deprives the government of tax revenues and trade opportunities , and deprives consumers of a clean and cheaper energy source . Effective action on gas flaring would address a long