institution . This will require building institutional capacity and a strong and effective corporate culture within the new institutions , to ensure effectiveness of the institutional framework and sustainability of the policy . Petroleum Safety Compliance The current system in Nigeria regarding maintenance , health , safety and environment in the Petroleum Sector needs to be brought to a higher standard . Major safety incidents go without proper investigation and without responsible parties being held sufficiently accountable . This policy places emphasis on prevention and conclusive investigation as well as appropriate sanctions . • Lessons should be learned , changes made and similar incidents avoided in the future ; • If individuals are culpable , they should face criminal prosecution , setting a deterrent to people . The safety record for gas and LPG in Nigeria is unlikely to significantly improve without establishing and empowering the regulator to carry out forensic investigations and to lay criminal prosecutions where necessary . A strong robust safety regulator will be established , with powers of inspection and investigation , and working with law enforcement agencies as necessary for entry into premises without owner ’ s permission , removal of evidence , questioning under caution and detention , in accordance with the law . The policy is for safety regulations to include robust penalties for breaches of regulations and safety standards . There also needs to be criminal prosecution for instances of gross negligence or wilful misconduct that lead to a serious breach of health and safety standards or serious incidents that lead to loss of life . They should carry a potential jail sentence for Directors of offending companies . A key safety regulatory function therefore is the monitoring and inspections regime . Inspections : Preventive monitoring and inspections to ensure licensees are acting within regulation ( before-the-incident prevention , ex-ante ) ; • Investigations : Major incident investigations , where forensic investigations of incidents take place ( after-the-incident investigations , ex-post ) , gathering evidence so that : o lessons can be learned for the future ; and o criminal prosecutions can be made , if necessary in instances of gross negligence or wilful misconduct . The petroleum safety division of the new regulator will be dedicated to the safety regulation of all operations in the petroleum sector . However , it is recognised that such an organisation needs to be properly financed and needs to have specialist staff with the skills and the tools to carry out their work effectively . Technical Standards Around the world , technical standards are usually developed by the industry in consultation . Standards are produced by technical standards committees of the Industry association which are made up of representatives of the industry . Nigeria will adopt appropriate international standards selected , whichever is more stringent , from ISO , ASME , EI , API , ASTM , ANSI , for example . Pipeline design standards can be from , for example : ISO , ASME