of the gas policy is for gas-based industrialisation of Nigeria . The intention of the Government is that natural gas exports will continue , albeit consistent with Nigeria ’ s aspirations for domestic gas market development . Renewal of licences and leases will be subject to a commitment by the licensee or lessee to the development of the discovered gas resources within the licence or lease area for domestic or export projects , as applicable , and within a specific timeframe . Strategic Objective The vision of the gas policy is for gas-based industrialisation of Nigeria Means of growing the domestic gas market which have been identified under this gas policy include : o Identifying and developing clusters and industrial parks ; o Market growth from anchor customers ; o Gas based industrialisation ; o Gas for Development Programme ; o Alternative markets and uses for Gas : - CNG ; - NGVs ; - LPG ; - LNG vehicles ; - LNG for agriculture and agro-allied industries o Financing methods ; o Improvements to the supply chain . 8.2 . Export Projects The Policy focus is to gain more of the value from downstream export markets . Liquefied Natural Gas ( LNG ) Through the Nigerian LNG Company , Nigeria is one of the world ’ s leading LNG exporter nations . Although Nigerian LNG is sold to Far Eastern markets in the Pacific basin ( and were indeed the main set of markets for Nigerian LNG in 2015 ) , Atlantic basin markets historically have been and in the future will be the main markets for Nigerian LNG . This is because of their geographic proximity to Nigeria and the consequent lower transportation costs of LNG . North America is no longer a market for gas exports within the Atlantic Basin , leaving Europe and South America as the main destinations for Nigerian LNGBoth of these markets however have challenges for a country like Nigeria that wishes to maximise LNG exports . European economic growth remains below expectations and a European policy drive towards energy savings measures throughout the EU leads to restrained demand for LNG in Europe . Despite lowered expectations , Europe remains a large gas market and will continue to need considerable amounts of imported LNG and pipeline gas . South America is seeing fast growing markets for LNG but a large proportion of supplies for those markets is currently sourced from Trinidad & Tobago . While Nigeria certainly could sell to South American markets the gas policy realises that some ground has to be made up to become established there . The gas policy foresees Nigerian gas exports being largely directed to European markets and South America , although there will be some opportunities for exports to Far Eastern markets . 1 . Retaining Ownership of LNG Nigeria will continue to seek opportunities in the global LNG market either through the expansion of the capacity of the Nigerian LNG company or through the development