price of dry gas sold into the domestic market . The gas pricing framework will be clarified by a revised National Domestic Gas Supply & Pricing Regulation . Wholesale Gas Price Regulation Gradual increases in wholesale gas prices over the years have helped to stimulate the supply of gas . However , the current regulated pricing regime is a transitional measure and , with the market now demonstrating a growing appetite for bilateral negotiations of wholesale gas supply transactions , the basis for the transition to market-led pricing is already in place . The transitional pricing framework will be retained , albeit for a short period , until sufficient gas supply volumes are built up and a sufficient gas market has been established . The policy objective is that wholesale gas pricing will ultimately be market-led , without gas price regulation , except for monopoly infrastructure . During the transition period , the wholesale gas price for the domestic market will remain subject to the Export Parity Netback Gas Price ( EPP ) . The average export market price less the costs of regasification , shipping and liquefaction will be taken as the production price to be applied to the domestic market . Under this approach , producers should be price indifferent as to whether they deliver gas for the LNG export market or the domestic Nigerian market . Combined with a modest DSO ( discussed further below ) , producers will have sufficient market incentives to produce for the domestic market . For the sake of clarity , the domestic gas price will be based on the EPP during the transition period , regardless of what the EPP may be . Once wholesale market conditions apply , then the domestic price will be set by the market , which may be set at price setting hub points . During the transitional period , parties may engage in transactions on a willing buyer – willing seller basis once they have met their DSO obligations . LNG Export Tolling Price In order to realise more of the value of the gas product from downstream international LNG export markets , the policy for LNG liquefaction facilities is that infrastructure owners will be paid a tolling fee by Government for liquefying , shipping and regasification of Government ’ s equity gas . The price and methodology are to be developed in conjunction with the industry but are likely to be based as much as possible on : • Liquefaction : Cost-of-service approach using average cost benchmarks that recognises Nigerian circumstances whilst assuring a rate of return on actual costs ; • Regasification : Published or contract regasification prices at the export market facility ; • Shipping : Published prices , industry standard freight and insurance costs , or contract prices . Cost Benchmarking for Infrastructure Facilities Cost benchmarking is crucial to sector economics and regulatory decision-making . A cost-of-service approach will be adopted using average , standard or benchmark costs that recognises Nigerian